Domain	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus	Species
meta_mOTU_v2_7715	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. CAG:1060
meta_mOTU_v2_7714	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Coprobacillus	Coprobacillus sp. CAG:698
meta_mOTU_v2_7201	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7772	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. CAG:324
meta_mOTU_v2_6946	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. CAG:324
meta_mOTU_v2_6143	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. CAG:324
meta_mOTU_v2_7279	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. CAG:324
meta_mOTU_v2_6008	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	unknown Bacillales	unknown Bacillales	unknown Bacillales
ref_mOTU_v2_3662	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mollicutes order incertae sedis	Mollicutes fam. incertae sedis	Mollicutes gen. incertae sedis	Mollicutes bacterium HR1
ref_mOTU_v2_3663	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mollicutes order incertae sedis	Mollicutes fam. incertae sedis	Mollicutes gen. incertae sedis	Mollicutes bacterium HR2
meta_mOTU_v2_7712	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Solobacterium	unknown Solobacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_7689	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
ref_mOTU_v2_0531	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Solobacterium	Solobacterium moorei
meta_mOTU_v2_6180	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
ref_mOTU_v2_5060	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelotrichaceae gen. incertae sedis	Erysipelotrichaceae bacterium NK3D112
meta_mOTU_v2_7790	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	unknown Erysipelotrichaceae	unknown Erysipelotrichaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4772	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Bulleidia	Bulleidia extructa
ref_mOTU_v2_2557	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Holdemania	Holdemania massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4459	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Holdemania	Holdemania filiformis
ref_mOTU_v2_1967	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelothrix	Erysipelothrix tonsillarum
ref_mOTU_v2_1423	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelothrix	Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae
ref_mOTU_v2_0138	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Dielma	Dielma fastidiosa [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6870	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
ref_mOTU_v2_1395	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. 3_1_31 [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_7615	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
ref_mOTU_v2_0643	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelatoclostridium	[Clostridium] innocuum [C Clostridioides difficile]
ref_mOTU_v2_4724	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelotrichaceae gen. incertae sedis	Erysipelotrichaceae bacterium 3_1_53
meta_mOTU_v2_6237	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
ref_mOTU_v2_4236	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelotrichaceae gen. incertae sedis	[Eubacterium] dolichum
meta_mOTU_v2_6340	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Merdibacter	Merdibacter massiliensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7589	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Holdemanella	Holdemanella biformis
meta_mOTU_v2_6468	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Holdemanella	Holdemanella biformis
meta_mOTU_v2_7329	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Holdemanella	Holdemanella biformis
meta_mOTU_v2_7667	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Holdemanella	Holdemanella biformis
ref_mOTU_v2_4395	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Holdemanella	Holdemanella biformis
ref_mOTU_v2_1470	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Faecalitalea	Faecalitalea cylindroides
ref_mOTU_v2_2178	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Faecalicoccus	Faecalicoccus pleomorphus
meta_mOTU_v2_6542	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7454	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7791	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
ref_mOTU_v2_2707	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Firmicutes sensu stricto class incertae sedis	Firmicutes sensu stricto order incertae sedis	Firmicutes sensu stricto fam. incertae sedis	Firmicutes sensu stricto gen. incertae sedis	Firmicutes bacterium M10-2
ref_mOTU_v2_1667	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Allobaculum	Allobaculum stercoricanis
ref_mOTU_v2_0473	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelatoclostridium	[Clostridium] saccharogumia
ref_mOTU_v2_4235	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelatoclostridium	[Clostridium] spiroforme
ref_mOTU_v2_0885	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Erysipelotrichaceae gen. [C Coprobacillus/Erysipelatoclostridium]	Erysipelotrichaceae sp. [C Coprobacillus/Erysipelatoclostridium ramosum]
ref_mOTU_v2_3608	Bacteria	Bacteria phylum incertae sedis	Bacteria class incertae sedis	Bacteria order incertae sedis	Bacteria fam. incertae sedis	Bacteria gen. incertae sedis	bacterium LF-3
meta_mOTU_v2_5525	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5738	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	unknown Erysipelotrichaceae	unknown Erysipelotrichaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1401	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Coprobacillus	Coprobacillus sp. [C 29_1/D6]
ref_mOTU_v2_2558	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	candidatus Stoquefichus	candidatus Stoquefichus massiliensis
meta_mOTU_v2_5801	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	unknown Erysipelotrichaceae	unknown Erysipelotrichaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7010	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Massiliomicrobiota	unknown Massiliomicrobiota
ref_mOTU_v2_3343	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Sharpea	Sharpea azabuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1543	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Eggerthia	Eggerthia catenaformis
ref_mOTU_v2_0001	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Kandleria	Kandleria vitulina
meta_mOTU_v2_6331	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7404	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7755	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6303	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5729	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:568
meta_mOTU_v2_6160	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:288
meta_mOTU_v2_5776	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:288
meta_mOTU_v2_6015	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7627	Bacteria	Tenericutes	unknown Tenericutes	unknown Tenericutes	unknown Tenericutes	unknown Tenericutes	Tenericutes bacterium ADurb.BinA155
meta_mOTU_v2_6390	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Coprobacillus	Coprobacillus sp. CAG:826
meta_mOTU_v2_6536	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Coprobacillus	Coprobacillus sp. CAG:826
meta_mOTU_v2_7574	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5720	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5717	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7749	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7710	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7664	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6840	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7403	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5908	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:451
meta_mOTU_v2_7262	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:451
meta_mOTU_v2_6682	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma sp. CAG:877
meta_mOTU_v2_7548	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6596	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6087	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6410	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5585	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6788	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:710
meta_mOTU_v2_6706	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. CAG:988
meta_mOTU_v2_6403	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma sp. CAG:472
meta_mOTU_v2_5499	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6466	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:609
meta_mOTU_v2_6241	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6730	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6711	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6228	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6844	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma sp. CAG:776
meta_mOTU_v2_5406	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma sp. CAG:776
meta_mOTU_v2_5910	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6119	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:533
meta_mOTU_v2_6224	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:533
meta_mOTU_v2_7701	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:533
meta_mOTU_v2_7495	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7596	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma sp. CAG:956
meta_mOTU_v2_7625	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Coprobacillus	Coprobacillus sp. CAG:605
meta_mOTU_v2_6246	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7419	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6753	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5874	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:524
meta_mOTU_v2_7605	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7019	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6745	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:1000
meta_mOTU_v2_6559	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:628
meta_mOTU_v2_6892	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:628
meta_mOTU_v2_5455	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5697	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6346	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6106	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5310	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6577	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5935	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5943	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	Acholeplasma	Acholeplasma sp. CAG:878
meta_mOTU_v2_6244	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7169	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6506	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7517	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6719	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5660	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6322	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6582	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6902	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6776	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:914
meta_mOTU_v2_6758	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5692	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma sp. CAG:611
meta_mOTU_v2_7613	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:1193
meta_mOTU_v2_7789	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:1193
meta_mOTU_v2_5501	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:594
meta_mOTU_v2_5952	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7272	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5998	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6648	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:762
meta_mOTU_v2_6739	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:762
meta_mOTU_v2_6494	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5802	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7183	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:302
meta_mOTU_v2_6277	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6848	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5902	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7175	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5912	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5740	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7638	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:433
meta_mOTU_v2_7507	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6554	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7502	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6630	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6439	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5590	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5736	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7155	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6030	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5546	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6338	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6992	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5366	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7118	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:452
meta_mOTU_v2_5336	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7666	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6172	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6654	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7266	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6218	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:343
meta_mOTU_v2_7301	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6156	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7468	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6363	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5718	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. 27_14
meta_mOTU_v2_5389	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:440
meta_mOTU_v2_7389	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5353	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7721	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6816	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7250	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6301	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6039	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5505	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6349	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5751	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6311	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6285	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5837	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6877	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7332	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5343	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5313	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6117	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5979	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6292	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6012	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5940	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7026	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7645	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7123	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6983	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7348	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7520	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5498	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:571
meta_mOTU_v2_7726	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6742	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:798
meta_mOTU_v2_7020	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:798
meta_mOTU_v2_5561	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7253	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5927	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7360	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6147	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7003	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:273
meta_mOTU_v2_5681	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:273
meta_mOTU_v2_7413	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6981	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6879	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7286	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5413	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7480	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5914	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:780
meta_mOTU_v2_5916	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5464	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:793
meta_mOTU_v2_7740	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5531	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6748	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5748	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6151	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6512	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7568	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:492
meta_mOTU_v2_6508	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5761	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:921
meta_mOTU_v2_6001	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:465
meta_mOTU_v2_6476	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:1219
meta_mOTU_v2_7304	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6089	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6425	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7707	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7768	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7198	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. CAG:841
meta_mOTU_v2_6627	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. CAG:841
meta_mOTU_v2_7467	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5583	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7600	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7377	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:448
meta_mOTU_v2_6055	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:448
meta_mOTU_v2_7733	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7509	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6802	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	unknown Clostridiaceae	unknown Clostridiaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7124	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6416	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7070	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5922	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5591	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6342	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerotruncus	Anaerotruncus sp. CAG:390
meta_mOTU_v2_6887	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerotruncus	Anaerotruncus sp. CAG:390
meta_mOTU_v2_6183	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6107	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7753	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. CAG:724
meta_mOTU_v2_7686	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6897	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7153	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6530	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. CAG:382
ref_mOTU_v2_4449	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] methylpentosum
meta_mOTU_v2_7375	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7271	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6174	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4731	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ethanoligenens	Ethanoligenens harbinense
meta_mOTU_v2_5777	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7281	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6120	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6251	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5961	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7429	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6465	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4234	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] leptum
meta_mOTU_v2_7371	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1829	Bacteria	Bacteria phylum incertae sedis	Bacteria class incertae sedis	Bacteria order incertae sedis	Bacteria fam. incertae sedis	Bacteria gen. incertae sedis	bacterium MS4
meta_mOTU_v2_5357	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaeromassilibacillus	unknown Anaeromassilibacillus
meta_mOTU_v2_5656	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaeromassilibacillus	unknown Anaeromassilibacillus
meta_mOTU_v2_6051	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaeromassilibacillus	Anaeromassilibacillus sp. An200
ref_mOTU_v2_0378	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. [C JCD/MSTE9]
ref_mOTU_v2_1909	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] sporosphaeroides
meta_mOTU_v2_7104	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7575	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:557
meta_mOTU_v2_7087	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7752	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7449	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. CAG:202
ref_mOTU_v2_4720	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus bromii
meta_mOTU_v2_7088	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. CAG:581
meta_mOTU_v2_6131	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:964
meta_mOTU_v2_6652	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6975	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6856	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6140	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5968	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7115	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Neglecta	Neglecta timonensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7093	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6200	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaeromassilibacillus	Anaeromassilibacillus sp. An172
meta_mOTU_v2_6316	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6407	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5487	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6523	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6948	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium coprostanoligenes
meta_mOTU_v2_5482	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	Clostridiales bacterium 41_21_two_genomes
meta_mOTU_v2_7471	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerotruncus	Anaerotruncus sp. CAG:528
meta_mOTU_v2_6377	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerotruncus	Anaerotruncus sp. CAG:528
meta_mOTU_v2_7690	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:678
meta_mOTU_v2_6024	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7451	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:217
meta_mOTU_v2_7202	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6821	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6583	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7565	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6091	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7022	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6664	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. CAG:177
meta_mOTU_v2_5453	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. CAG:177
meta_mOTU_v2_7152	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:413
meta_mOTU_v2_7553	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6867	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5728	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5807	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6700	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7186	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7173	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6011	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5340	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5860	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7401	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1379	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
ref_mOTU_v2_4910	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
meta_mOTU_v2_7012	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7646	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6631	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	unknown Faecalibacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_4875	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
meta_mOTU_v2_5779	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	unknown Faecalibacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_5815	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	unknown Faecalibacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_7143	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	unknown Faecalibacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_7718	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	unknown Faecalibacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_4211	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
meta_mOTU_v2_7492	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	unknown Faecalibacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_5363	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6905	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5330	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6850	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6478	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4208	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Subdoligranulum	Subdoligranulum variabile
meta_mOTU_v2_6557	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7231	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7593	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7652	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4738	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Subdoligranulum	Subdoligranulum sp. 4_3_54A2FAA
ref_mOTU_v2_2716	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerotruncus	Anaerotruncus sp. G3(2012)
ref_mOTU_v2_0884	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerotruncus	Anaerotruncus colihominis
meta_mOTU_v2_6835	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Anaerotruncus	unknown Anaerotruncus
meta_mOTU_v2_5382	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	unknown Clostridiaceae	unknown Clostridiaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5408	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6789	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5331	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
ref_mOTU_v2_3613	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. ATCC 29733
meta_mOTU_v2_7774	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. CAG:403
meta_mOTU_v2_5967	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. CAG:254
meta_mOTU_v2_5392	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_7476	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_3773	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus champanellensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7275	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_4209	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus callidus
meta_mOTU_v2_6727	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_6152	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_3341	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus flavefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_3197	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus flavefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_3090	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus flavefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_3076	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus flavefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_4669	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus flavefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_3342	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus flavefaciens
meta_mOTU_v2_5630	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_7629	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6513	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. CAG:624
ref_mOTU_v2_3322	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. FC2018
ref_mOTU_v2_1488	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus albus
ref_mOTU_v2_1078	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus albus
ref_mOTU_v2_3827	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus albus
meta_mOTU_v2_7159	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_2358	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus bicirculans
meta_mOTU_v2_6248	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_5058	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. NK3A76
meta_mOTU_v2_5759	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7373	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6481	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3617	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus sp. HUN007
meta_mOTU_v2_6724	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_6242	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_7581	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7048	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	unknown Ruminococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_1387	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Eubacterium] siraeum
meta_mOTU_v2_7058	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5620	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6275	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6814	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6263	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7356	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1377	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Flavonifractor	Flavonifractor plautii [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_7491	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4206	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Pseudoflavonifractor	Pseudoflavonifractor capillosus
ref_mOTU_v2_2968	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Intestinimonas	Intestinimonas butyriciproducens
meta_mOTU_v2_6777	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4480	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae gen. incertae sedis	Ruminococcaceae bacterium D16
meta_mOTU_v2_7784	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7337	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7702	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6561	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6419	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3153	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Firmicutes sensu stricto class incertae sedis	Firmicutes sensu stricto order incertae sedis	Firmicutes sensu stricto fam. incertae sedis	Firmicutes sensu stricto gen. incertae sedis	Firmicutes bacterium ASF500
meta_mOTU_v2_5422	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6108	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	Pseudoflavonifractor	unknown Pseudoflavonifractor
meta_mOTU_v2_5339	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6371	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7643	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1910	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] viride
meta_mOTU_v2_5944	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	unknown Oscillibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6272	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5805	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5613	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5412	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5991	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7099	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5540	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7355	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6521	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7760	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6503	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5577	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7800	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6249	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7717	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7148	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5513	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6190	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3624	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter sp. ER4
meta_mOTU_v2_6760	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6072	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6058	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6795	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5868	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter sp. CAG:155
meta_mOTU_v2_7111	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	unknown Oscillibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6507	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6438	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	unknown Oscillibacter
ref_mOTU_v2_0858	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter sp. KLE 1728
meta_mOTU_v2_6791	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5845	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	unknown Oscillibacter
ref_mOTU_v2_2708	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter sp. 1-3
meta_mOTU_v2_5351	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter sp. 57_20
meta_mOTU_v2_6676	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter sp. 57_20
ref_mOTU_v2_4815	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter valericigenes
ref_mOTU_v2_1567	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Oscillospiraceae	Oscillibacter	Oscillibacter ruminantium
meta_mOTU_v2_5517	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7209	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5904	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7440	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5397	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6348	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6801	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7317	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6049	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7157	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5396	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7792	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7083	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6585	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7320	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5894	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6511	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5849	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7778	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5754	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6986	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_5059	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Clostridiales gen. incertae sedis	Clostridiales bacterium NK3B98
meta_mOTU_v2_5880	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6009	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5514	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6233	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6259	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5569	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7751	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7361	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6936	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7578	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7072	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5439	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6495	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6193	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5783	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5750	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6819	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7180	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5918	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7546	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3307	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium desmolans
meta_mOTU_v2_5800	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Butyricicoccus	unknown Butyricicoccus
meta_mOTU_v2_5437	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Butyricicoccus	unknown Butyricicoccus
ref_mOTU_v2_2510	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Butyricicoccus	Butyricicoccus pullicaecorum
meta_mOTU_v2_5734	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Butyricicoccus	Butyricicoccus sp. BB10
meta_mOTU_v2_5987	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6533	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6197	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7230	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6595	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7765	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:138
meta_mOTU_v2_6665	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5820	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7697	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7187	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:226
meta_mOTU_v2_6538	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6786	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:1024
meta_mOTU_v2_7583	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:1024
meta_mOTU_v2_7795	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6261	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7561	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6452	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	unknown Faecalibacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_7298	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7527	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7782	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7415	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6414	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	Firmicutes bacterium ADurb.Bin467
meta_mOTU_v2_5309	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia
meta_mOTU_v2_7188	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6165	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6054	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5848	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5843	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6080	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6144	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6043	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5547	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5661	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0466	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia wexlerae
meta_mOTU_v2_6686	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6013	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6525	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7590	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6716	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7076	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6926	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4719	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia obeum
ref_mOTU_v2_4202	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia obeum
meta_mOTU_v2_6874	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3306	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	[Eubacterium] cellulosolvens
ref_mOTU_v2_4652	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	[Eubacterium] cellulosolvens
meta_mOTU_v2_5318	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1459	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Shuttleworthia	Shuttleworthia satelles [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4332	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Marvinbryantia	Marvinbryantia formatexigens
meta_mOTU_v2_5785	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5653	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7130	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7018	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6629	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5560	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7096	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6647	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7145	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6834	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0859	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia sp. KLE 1732
meta_mOTU_v2_6044	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7306	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4324	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia hydrogenotrophica
meta_mOTU_v2_6961	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3327	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium FE2018
meta_mOTU_v2_5710	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_2133	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus gauvreauii
meta_mOTU_v2_5806	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5411	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5512	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7531	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1889	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia producta
ref_mOTU_v2_4020	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia producta
meta_mOTU_v2_6973	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7359	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1428	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	Blautia hansenii [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_7735	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1234	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Robinsoniella	Robinsoniella peoriensis [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_5415	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5822	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5510	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6238	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6787	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6976	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5907	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	uncultured Clostridium sp.
meta_mOTU_v2_6852	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7031	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7190	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0303	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	Coprococcus sp. [C HPP0074/HPP0048]
meta_mOTU_v2_6997	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4878	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 2_1_46FAA
ref_mOTU_v2_4366	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Tyzzerella	Tyzzerella nexilis
ref_mOTU_v2_1376	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	[Ruminococcus] torques [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_7200	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7703	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6614	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4718	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	[Ruminococcus] torques
ref_mOTU_v2_0281	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcus	Ruminococcus lactaris
ref_mOTU_v2_0280	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Blautia	[Ruminococcus] gnavus
ref_mOTU_v2_5260	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. ASF502
ref_mOTU_v2_2704	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium M18-1
meta_mOTU_v2_7129	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4723	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 1_4_56FAA
meta_mOTU_v2_7061	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5708	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_2690	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Clostridiales gen. incertae sedis	Clostridiales bacterium VE202-21
ref_mOTU_v2_4498	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. D5
meta_mOTU_v2_6615	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6929	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5826	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0973	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Dorea	Dorea formicigenerans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2893	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Dorea	Dorea longicatena
ref_mOTU_v2_4203	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Dorea	Dorea longicatena
meta_mOTU_v2_5890	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7550	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5466	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_2710	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 3-2
meta_mOTU_v2_7455	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_2709	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Dorea	Dorea sp. 5-2
ref_mOTU_v2_0883	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] scindens
ref_mOTU_v2_4491	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] hylemonae
ref_mOTU_v2_3623	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. ER2
ref_mOTU_v2_4313	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	Coprococcus comes
ref_mOTU_v2_2689	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Clostridiales gen. incertae sedis	Clostridiales bacterium VE202-14
meta_mOTU_v2_5959	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5383	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0887	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 3_1_57FAA_CT1
meta_mOTU_v2_5804	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0860	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. KLE 1755
ref_mOTU_v2_3538	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. KNHs209
ref_mOTU_v2_4171	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 28-4
meta_mOTU_v2_5401	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6381	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	uncultured Clostridium sp.
ref_mOTU_v2_2711	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 10-1
meta_mOTU_v2_6088	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5616	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5669	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7151	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5978	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7630	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6178	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:510
meta_mOTU_v2_5562	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3330	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium P6A3
ref_mOTU_v2_3291	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium AC2028
meta_mOTU_v2_5442	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7588	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	unknown Roseburia
meta_mOTU_v2_7567	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	unknown Roseburia
ref_mOTU_v2_4174	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium A4
ref_mOTU_v2_2705	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium COE1
meta_mOTU_v2_6202	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_2887	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. NC3005
ref_mOTU_v2_2888	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. MC2013
ref_mOTU_v2_0977	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens
ref_mOTU_v2_5063	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium NK4A179
ref_mOTU_v2_1155	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae sp. [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6000	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3285	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. FCS014
ref_mOTU_v2_0972	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. [C FCS006/NC2007/VCB2001]
ref_mOTU_v2_2881	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. XPD2006
ref_mOTU_v2_3287	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. MC2021
ref_mOTU_v2_2880	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. AE3009
ref_mOTU_v2_3336	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio proteoclasticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1150	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio proteoclasticus
ref_mOTU_v2_2886	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. XBB1001
ref_mOTU_v2_2885	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. VCB2006
ref_mOTU_v2_2878	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. AE2015
ref_mOTU_v2_1249	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. [C AE2005/AE3003]
ref_mOTU_v2_2879	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. VCD2006
ref_mOTU_v2_3319	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. NC2002
ref_mOTU_v2_0976	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. [C LC3010/WCE2006]
ref_mOTU_v2_3612	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. AE3004
ref_mOTU_v2_0971	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. [C FC2001/XPD2002]
ref_mOTU_v2_0974	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. [C AD3002/WCD2001]
ref_mOTU_v2_0975	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. [C AE3006/MB2005]
ref_mOTU_v2_2884	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. WCD3002
meta_mOTU_v2_6883	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7056	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:167
ref_mOTU_v2_3079	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium xylanophilum
meta_mOTU_v2_6793	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia sp. CAG:309
ref_mOTU_v2_3331	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium P6B14
meta_mOTU_v2_7530	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5745	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6751	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7788	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:230
meta_mOTU_v2_7156	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7541	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5571	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6626	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7063	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4383	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio crossotus
meta_mOTU_v2_5702	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio sp. CAG:318
meta_mOTU_v2_6134	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6128	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5905	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6722	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia sp. CAG:303
meta_mOTU_v2_6937	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3321	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Pseudobutyrivibrio	Pseudobutyrivibrio sp. MD2005
ref_mOTU_v2_2892	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Pseudobutyrivibrio	Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis
ref_mOTU_v2_1146	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Pseudobutyrivibrio	Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2889	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Pseudobutyrivibrio	Pseudobutyrivibrio ruminis
ref_mOTU_v2_4721	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Butyrivibrio	Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens
ref_mOTU_v2_3290	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium AB2028
meta_mOTU_v2_6176	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	unknown Roseburia
meta_mOTU_v2_5883	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	unknown Roseburia
meta_mOTU_v2_5354	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	unknown Roseburia
ref_mOTU_v2_1139	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnobacterium	Lachnobacterium bovis
meta_mOTU_v2_7094	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6947	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1427	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia intestinalis
meta_mOTU_v2_7641	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7798	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	unknown Roseburia
ref_mOTU_v2_4632	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia inulinivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4572	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia hominis
ref_mOTU_v2_1416	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	[Eubacterium] rectale
meta_mOTU_v2_7620	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6625	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6571	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4173	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium A2
ref_mOTU_v2_4172	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium 3-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2703	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. 14-2
meta_mOTU_v2_6875	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia sp. 40_7
ref_mOTU_v2_2713	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium plexicaudatum
meta_mOTU_v2_6334	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Roseburia	Roseburia sp. CAG:182
meta_mOTU_v2_6916	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1124	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae sp. [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_7229	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6484	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6575	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7781	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_2795	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium ramulus
ref_mOTU_v2_1643	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. SY8519
ref_mOTU_v2_3329	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium ND2006
ref_mOTU_v2_3293	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium MA2020
ref_mOTU_v2_5062	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium NK4A144
ref_mOTU_v2_3294	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium MC2017
ref_mOTU_v2_3292	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium AC3007
meta_mOTU_v2_7398	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3320	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Oribacterium	Oribacterium sp. P6A1
ref_mOTU_v2_2371	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium JC7
ref_mOTU_v2_4802	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Oribacterium	Oribacterium sp. NK2B42
ref_mOTU_v2_3289	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Oribacterium	Oribacterium sp. FC2011
ref_mOTU_v2_4575	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Oribacterium	Oribacterium sinus
meta_mOTU_v2_7345	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Oribacterium	unknown Oribacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_1508	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Oribacterium	Oribacterium asaccharolyticum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1507	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Oribacterium	Oribacterium parvum
meta_mOTU_v2_7112	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Oribacterium	unknown Oribacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_6417	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Oribacterium	unknown Oribacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_1055	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Oribacterium	Oribacterium sp. oral taxon 078
ref_mOTU_v2_4979	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Stomatobaculum	Stomatobaculum longum
meta_mOTU_v2_5813	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7344	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Stomatobaculum	Stomatobaculum longum
meta_mOTU_v2_6225	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1906	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] aminophilum
meta_mOTU_v2_6632	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0361	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoanaerobaculum	Lachnoanaerobaculum saburreum
ref_mOTU_v2_5014	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium oral taxon 082
meta_mOTU_v2_5480	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae	unknown Lachnospiraceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1537	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoanaerobaculum	Lachnoanaerobaculum sp. [C ICM7/MSX33/OBRC5-5]
ref_mOTU_v2_4552	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium oral taxon 500
meta_mOTU_v2_7195	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4775	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Johnsonella	Johnsonella ignava
meta_mOTU_v2_7235	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7335	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6146	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6427	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0693	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] aerotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_2998	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. ASBs410
ref_mOTU_v2_3910	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] celerecrescens
ref_mOTU_v2_0995	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] sp. [C methoxybenzovorans/Desulfotomaculum guttoideum]
ref_mOTU_v2_4626	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] saccharolyticum
meta_mOTU_v2_6105	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0882	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Hungatella	Hungatella hathewayi
ref_mOTU_v2_4883	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Hungatella	Hungatella hathewayi
meta_mOTU_v2_5641	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6823	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5417	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7014	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5603	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6672	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0888	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Clostridiales gen. incertae sedis	Clostridiales sp. [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4882	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] citroniae
meta_mOTU_v2_7430	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_0980	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] clostridioforme
ref_mOTU_v2_0979	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] clostridioforme
ref_mOTU_v2_0886	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] sp. [C boltae/clostridioforme]
meta_mOTU_v2_7263	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. AT4
meta_mOTU_v2_5712	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6792	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_7475	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4394	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] asparagiforme
meta_mOTU_v2_6281	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6808	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3825	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Clostridiales gen. incertae sedis	butyrate-producing bacterium SS3/4
meta_mOTU_v2_6699	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5791	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1475	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] symbiosum [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6832	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5347	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1380	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	[Clostridium] saccharolyticum [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_5957	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5885	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7008	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Catonella	Catonella morbi
ref_mOTU_v2_4597	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Catonella	Catonella morbi
ref_mOTU_v2_4068	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Lachnoclostridium phytofermentans
ref_mOTU_v2_1207	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnoclostridium	Lachnoclostridium phytofermentans
ref_mOTU_v2_1160	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospira	Lachnospira multipara
ref_mOTU_v2_2911	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospira	Lachnospira multipara
meta_mOTU_v2_7158	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7682	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6721	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4389	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	[Eubacterium] eligens
meta_mOTU_v2_6509	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	unknown Eubacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_7668	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. CAG:38
ref_mOTU_v2_4341	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Clostridiales gen. incertae sedis	[Bacteroides] pectinophilus
meta_mOTU_v2_5341	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5463	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	unknown Eubacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_4204	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium ventriosum
meta_mOTU_v2_7325	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. CAG:156
meta_mOTU_v2_7687	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	unknown Eubacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_7038	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	unknown Eubacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_7116	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	unknown Eubacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_7074	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:411
ref_mOTU_v2_3332	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium V9D3004
meta_mOTU_v2_7462	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3326	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium C6A11
ref_mOTU_v2_3225	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium AC2031
ref_mOTU_v2_3498	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium AC2029
ref_mOTU_v2_3333	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium YSB2008
ref_mOTU_v2_4212	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. L2-50
ref_mOTU_v2_4210	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	Coprococcus eutactus
meta_mOTU_v2_7685	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5379	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	unknown Coprococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_6257	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	unknown Coprococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_5364	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:127
meta_mOTU_v2_7722	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7296	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6863	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:632
meta_mOTU_v2_5713	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:590
ref_mOTU_v2_3328	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Lachnospiraceae gen. incertae sedis	Lachnospiraceae bacterium NC2004
ref_mOTU_v2_4207	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	[Eubacterium] hallii
meta_mOTU_v2_6657	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	unknown Eubacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_6302	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1381	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaerostipes	Anaerostipes caccae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2688	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Clostridiales gen. incertae sedis	Clostridiales bacterium VE202-09
meta_mOTU_v2_7067	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5741	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1309	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Anaerostipes	Anaerostipes hadrus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4874	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Coprococcus	Coprococcus catus
meta_mOTU_v2_6036	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3442	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. KNHs205
meta_mOTU_v2_5941	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. CAG:274
meta_mOTU_v2_7466	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. CAG:274
meta_mOTU_v2_5665	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. CAG:274
meta_mOTU_v2_7140	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. CAG:274
meta_mOTU_v2_6240	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5947	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Tyzzerella	unknown Tyzzerella
meta_mOTU_v2_7425	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Tyzzerella	unknown Tyzzerella
ref_mOTU_v2_5259	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. ASF356
meta_mOTU_v2_6548	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6073	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4224	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Epulopiscium	Epulopiscium sp. 'N.t. morphotype B'
meta_mOTU_v2_7610	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Niameybacter	Niameybacter massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4677	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Lachnospiraceae	Cellulosilyticum	Cellulosilyticum lentocellum
meta_mOTU_v2_6704	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6602	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6501	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_5186	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Acetobacterium	Acetobacterium woodii
ref_mOTU_v2_1683	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Acetobacterium	Acetobacterium dehalogenans
meta_mOTU_v2_5888	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Acetobacterium	unknown Acetobacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_5122	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium limosum
ref_mOTU_v2_5103	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Pseudoramibacter	Pseudoramibacter alactolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4267	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Anaerofustis	Anaerofustis stercorihominis
ref_mOTU_v2_3113	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Anaerosalibacter	Anaerosalibacter sp. ND1
ref_mOTU_v2_5028	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellia order incertae sedis	Tissierellia fam. incertae sedis	Tissierellia gen. incertae sedis	[Clostridium] ultunense
ref_mOTU_v2_2246	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Gottschalkia	Gottschalkia acidurici
ref_mOTU_v2_2329	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Caloranaerobacter	Caloranaerobacter azorensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2996	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Caldisalinibacter	Caldisalinibacter kiritimatiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1905	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridiisalibacter	Clostridiisalibacter paucivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_5215	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Fenollaria	Fenollaria massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2920	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellia order incertae sedis	Tissierellia fam. incertae sedis	Tissierellia gen. incertae sedis	Tissierellia bacterium S7-1-4
ref_mOTU_v2_5214	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Casaltella	Casaltella massiliensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7312	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	unknown Anaerococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_7695	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	unknown Anaerococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_5217	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	Anaerococcus provenciensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5066	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	Anaerococcus prevotii
ref_mOTU_v2_4433	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	Anaerococcus prevotii
ref_mOTU_v2_4419	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	Anaerococcus tetradius
ref_mOTU_v2_0990	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	Anaerococcus lactolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1821	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	Anaerococcus sp. PH9
ref_mOTU_v2_0429	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	Anaerococcus sp. [C obesiensis/vaginalis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1595	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	Anaerococcus senegalensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1442	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Anaerococcus	Anaerococcus hydrogenalis
ref_mOTU_v2_3043	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptostreptococcaceae gen. incertae sedis	Peptostreptococcaceae bacterium oral taxon 113
ref_mOTU_v2_1822	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus grossensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5134	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus harei
ref_mOTU_v2_1755	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus timonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5054	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus rhinitidis
ref_mOTU_v2_1603	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus senegalensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7672	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	unknown Peptoniphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_0509	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus lacrimalis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1785	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus sp. BV3C26
ref_mOTU_v2_0396	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus duerdenii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_5291	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus indolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_1094	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus sp. [C ChDC B134/oral taxon 386]
ref_mOTU_v2_5067	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Peptoniphilus	Peptoniphilus sp. oral taxon 375
ref_mOTU_v2_5216	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Levyella	Levyella massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1823	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellia order incertae sedis	Tissierellia fam. incertae sedis	Kallipyga	Kallipyga massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2006	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Helcococcus	Helcococcus sueciensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5093	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Helcococcus	Helcococcus kunzii
meta_mOTU_v2_5768	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	unknown Tissierellia	unknown Tissierellia	unknown Tissierellia	unknown Tissierellia
ref_mOTU_v2_1145	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Parvimonas	Parvimonas micra
ref_mOTU_v2_4961	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Parvimonas	Parvimonas sp. oral taxon 110
ref_mOTU_v2_5245	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Parvimonas	Parvimonas sp. oral taxon 393
meta_mOTU_v2_6790	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Parvimonas	unknown Parvimonas
meta_mOTU_v2_7181	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Parvimonas	unknown Parvimonas
ref_mOTU_v2_1208	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Finegoldia	Finegoldia magna
ref_mOTU_v2_4423	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Tissierellia	Tissierellales	Peptoniphilaceae	Finegoldia	Finegoldia magna
meta_mOTU_v2_7009	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1514	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptoclostridium	[Eubacterium] yurii [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6365	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6853	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1506	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptostreptococcaceae gen. incertae sedis	Peptostreptococcaceae sp. [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3616	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptoclostridium	[Clostridium] sticklandii
ref_mOTU_v2_2109	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Proteocatella	Proteocatella sphenisci
ref_mOTU_v2_4467	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Filifactor	Filifactor alocis
ref_mOTU_v2_4288	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. 7_2_43FAA
meta_mOTU_v2_6118	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
ref_mOTU_v2_3582	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CL-2
meta_mOTU_v2_6616	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_6741	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5915	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
ref_mOTU_v2_3353	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. JCC
meta_mOTU_v2_5983	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
ref_mOTU_v2_4460	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium celatum
ref_mOTU_v2_2954	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium intestinale
ref_mOTU_v2_2890	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium paraputrificum
meta_mOTU_v2_6098	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5695	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium neonatale
ref_mOTU_v2_0978	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium butyricum
ref_mOTU_v2_2475	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. Maddingley MBC34-26
ref_mOTU_v2_1049	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. [C beijerinckii/diolis/pasteurianum]
ref_mOTU_v2_1533	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum
ref_mOTU_v2_4668	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. DL-VIII
ref_mOTU_v2_0845	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium botulinum
ref_mOTU_v2_3103	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium saccharobutylicum
ref_mOTU_v2_3363	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium baratii
ref_mOTU_v2_3217	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. Ade.TY
ref_mOTU_v2_5295	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium colicanis
ref_mOTU_v2_1117	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium perfringens
ref_mOTU_v2_2891	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium cadaveris
ref_mOTU_v2_3585	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. LF2
ref_mOTU_v2_4098	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium algidicarnis
ref_mOTU_v2_0475	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium tyrobutyricum
ref_mOTU_v2_1388	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium kluyveri
ref_mOTU_v2_1079	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. [C autoethanogenum/ljungdahlii]
ref_mOTU_v2_1345	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. [C carboxidivorans/drakei]
ref_mOTU_v2_0294	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. [C botulinum/sporogenes]
ref_mOTU_v2_2663	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium tetanomorphum
ref_mOTU_v2_3337	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium lundense
ref_mOTU_v2_3564	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. HMP27
ref_mOTU_v2_0710	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium tetani
ref_mOTU_v2_3133	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. BL8
ref_mOTU_v2_3581	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CL-6
ref_mOTU_v2_3986	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sulfidigenes
ref_mOTU_v2_2556	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	candidatus Clostridium anorexicamassiliense
ref_mOTU_v2_1598	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium senegalense
ref_mOTU_v2_3660	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. KNHs214
ref_mOTU_v2_1189	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium botulinum
ref_mOTU_v2_1188	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. [C botulinum/haemolyticum/novyi]
ref_mOTU_v2_1192	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. [C botulinum/novyi]
ref_mOTU_v2_1191	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. [C botulinum/novyi]
ref_mOTU_v2_4536	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium cellulovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2571	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium bornimense
ref_mOTU_v2_0944	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium pasteurianum
ref_mOTU_v2_5024	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium pasteurianum
ref_mOTU_v2_4454	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium arbusti
ref_mOTU_v2_1246	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium acetobutylicum
ref_mOTU_v2_3040	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Clostridiales gen. incertae sedis	Clostridiales bacterium oral taxon 876
ref_mOTU_v2_3340	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Proteiniclasticum	Proteiniclasticum ruminis
ref_mOTU_v2_5286	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Youngiibacter	Youngiibacter fragilis
ref_mOTU_v2_1640	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	candidatus Arthromitus	candidatus Arthromitus sp. SFB-rat-Yit
ref_mOTU_v2_0124	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	candidatus Arthromitus	candidatus Arthromitus sp. [C SFB-co/SFB-mouse/SFB-mouse-NL]
ref_mOTU_v2_5237	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Thermobrachium	Thermobrachium celere
ref_mOTU_v2_1589	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Caloramator	Caloramator sp. ALD01
ref_mOTU_v2_5001	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Caloramator	Caloramator australicus
ref_mOTU_v2_3269	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Fervidicella	Fervidicella metallireducens
meta_mOTU_v2_6768	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Subdoligranulum	Subdoligranulum sp. CAG:314
meta_mOTU_v2_5863	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	Corallococcus	Corallococcus sp. CAG:1435
meta_mOTU_v2_6449	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6725	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6932	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7729	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae	unknown Ruminococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5421	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia
meta_mOTU_v2_5344	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia
meta_mOTU_v2_7678	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia
meta_mOTU_v2_7302	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7799	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7684	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5841	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7369	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia
meta_mOTU_v2_7450	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia
meta_mOTU_v2_7769	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7562	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7746	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_5362	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7081	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6179	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7138	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7323	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7554	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium	Acidiphilium sp. CAG:727
meta_mOTU_v2_7631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium	Acidiphilium sp. CAG:727
meta_mOTU_v2_7289	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium	Acidiphilium sp. CAG:727
meta_mOTU_v2_5696	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium	Acidiphilium sp. CAG:727
meta_mOTU_v2_7239	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia	unknown Clostridia
meta_mOTU_v2_6909	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7338	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6082	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5522	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6906	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7406	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium sp. CAG:1138
meta_mOTU_v2_6475	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7447	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	unknown Clostridium
meta_mOTU_v2_5735	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5954	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5911	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_3224	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae gen. incertae sedis	Ruminococcaceae bacterium AE2021
ref_mOTU_v2_3335	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminococcaceae gen. incertae sedis	Ruminococcaceae bacterium AB4001
ref_mOTU_v2_0991	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Mageeibacillus	Mageeibacillus indolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_2671	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Clostridiales Family XIII. gen. Incertae Sedis	Clostridiales bacterium S5-A14a
meta_mOTU_v2_5486	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	unknown Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Clostridiales bacterium S5-A14a
ref_mOTU_v2_5112	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Clostridiales Family XIII. gen. Incertae Sedis	[Eubacterium] sulci
ref_mOTU_v2_5090	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Clostridiales Family XIII. gen. Incertae Sedis	[Eubacterium] infirmum
ref_mOTU_v2_3220	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium sp. AB3007
ref_mOTU_v2_2361	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Clostridiales Family XIII. gen. Incertae Sedis	[Eubacterium] nodatum
meta_mOTU_v2_6891	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7220	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6028	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7474	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6022	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6260	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5511	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7192	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6807	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5477	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	uncultured Eubacterium sp.
meta_mOTU_v2_6201	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	uncultured Eubacterium sp.
meta_mOTU_v2_7149	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6081	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1866	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Anaerovorax	Anaerovorax odorimutans
meta_mOTU_v2_7750	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Mogibacterium	unknown Mogibacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_1136	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Mogibacterium	Mogibacterium timidum [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6192	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	unknown Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	unknown Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis
ref_mOTU_v2_3045	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Clostridiales Family XIII. gen. Incertae Sedis	[Eubacterium] brachy
meta_mOTU_v2_7731	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4600	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XIII. Incertae Sedis	Clostridiales Family XIII. gen. Incertae Sedis	[Eubacterium] saphenum
ref_mOTU_v2_3300	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Alkaliphilus	Alkaliphilus transvaalensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3911	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Alkaliphilus	Alkaliphilus metalliredigens
ref_mOTU_v2_4059	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Alkaliphilus	Alkaliphilus oremlandii
meta_mOTU_v2_6885	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_4268	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Intestinibacter	Intestinibacter bartlettii
ref_mOTU_v2_1907	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Terrisporobacter	Terrisporobacter glycolicus
meta_mOTU_v2_6922	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2989	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium dakarense
ref_mOTU_v2_3549	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptostreptococcaceae gen. incertae sedis	Peptostreptococcaceae bacterium VA2
meta_mOTU_v2_7331	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1007	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Paeniclostridium	Paeniclostridium sordellii
ref_mOTU_v2_0890	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Paraclostridium	Paraclostridium bifermentans
ref_mOTU_v2_1125	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Clostridioides	Clostridioides mangenotii
ref_mOTU_v2_0052	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Clostridioides	Clostridioides difficile
ref_mOTU_v2_0051	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Clostridioides	Clostridioides difficile
ref_mOTU_v2_4367	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptoclostridium	[Clostridium] hiranonis
ref_mOTU_v2_2598	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptostreptococcus	Peptostreptococcus sp. MV1
meta_mOTU_v2_5742	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae	unknown Peptostreptococcaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4614	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptostreptococcus	Peptostreptococcus stomatis
ref_mOTU_v2_0148	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptostreptococcus	Peptostreptococcus anaerobius
ref_mOTU_v2_2925	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Eubacteriaceae	Eubacterium	Eubacterium acidaminophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_1908	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptostreptococcaceae	Peptoclostridium	[Clostridium] litorale
ref_mOTU_v2_3003	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Caldicoprobacteraceae	Caldicoprobacter	Caldicoprobacter oshimai
ref_mOTU_v2_4826	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family IV. Incertae Sedis	Mahella	Mahella australiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0474	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] stercorarium
ref_mOTU_v2_2943	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] josui
ref_mOTU_v2_4584	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] papyrosolvens
ref_mOTU_v2_1064	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. [C Clostridiaceae/Ruminococcaceae]	Clostridiales gen. [C Clostridium/Ruminoclostridium]	Clostridium sp. [C BNL1100/papyrosolvens]
ref_mOTU_v2_4160	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] cellulolyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_2468	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] termitidis
ref_mOTU_v2_4176	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Pseudobacteroides	Pseudobacteroides cellulosolvens
ref_mOTU_v2_4378	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Acetivibrio	Acetivibrio cellulolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_0190	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] clariflavum
ref_mOTU_v2_0335	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	Ruminiclostridium thermocellum
ref_mOTU_v2_2956	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Ruminiclostridium	[Clostridium] straminisolvens
meta_mOTU_v2_6987	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7097	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1122	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Caldanaerobacter	Caldanaerobacter subterraneus
ref_mOTU_v2_0555	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Thermoanaerobacter	Thermoanaerobacter sp. [C indiensis/siderophilus/thermohydrosulfuricus/wiegelii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0556	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Thermoanaerobacter	Thermoanaerobacter sp. [C ethanolicus/pseudethanolicus]
ref_mOTU_v2_1003	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Thermoanaerobacter	Thermoanaerobacter sp. [C italicus/mathranii/thermocopriae]
ref_mOTU_v2_3802	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Thermoanaerobacter	Thermoanaerobacter kivui
ref_mOTU_v2_5002	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family III. Incertae Sedis	Thermoanaerobacterium	Thermoanaerobacterium xylanolyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_0341	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family III. Incertae Sedis	Thermoanaerobacterium	Thermoanaerobacterium saccharolyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_1448	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family III. Incertae Sedis	Thermoanaerobacterium	Thermoanaerobacterium thermosaccharolyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_5206	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Caldanaerobius	Caldanaerobius polysaccharolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1419	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family III. Incertae Sedis	Caldicellulosiruptor	Caldicellulosiruptor sp. [C bescii/kronotskyensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4645	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family III. Incertae Sedis	Caldicellulosiruptor	Caldicellulosiruptor hydrothermalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0469	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family III. Incertae Sedis	Caldicellulosiruptor	Caldicellulosiruptor sp. [C acetigenus/kristjanssonii/lactoaceticus]
ref_mOTU_v2_4646	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family III. Incertae Sedis	Caldicellulosiruptor	Caldicellulosiruptor owensensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4625	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family III. Incertae Sedis	Caldicellulosiruptor	Caldicellulosiruptor obsidiansis
ref_mOTU_v2_0803	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family III. Incertae Sedis	Caldicellulosiruptor	Caldicellulosiruptor saccharolyticus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4492	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacterales Family III. Incertae Sedis	Thermosediminibacter	Thermosediminibacter oceani
ref_mOTU_v2_0792	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Tepidanaerobacter	Tepidanaerobacter acetatoxydans
ref_mOTU_v2_1960	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfurispora	Desulfurispora thermophila
ref_mOTU_v2_4935	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfotomaculum	Desulfotomaculum kuznetsovii
ref_mOTU_v2_1947	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfotomaculum	Desulfotomaculum thermocisternum
ref_mOTU_v2_1959	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Desulfovirgula	Desulfovirgula thermocuniculi
ref_mOTU_v2_3563	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Peptococcaceae gen. incertae sedis	Peptococcaceae bacterium SCADC1_2_3
ref_mOTU_v2_1944	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfotomaculum	Desulfotomaculum alcoholivorax
ref_mOTU_v2_4963	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfotomaculum	Desulfotomaculum gibsoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_4347	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfotomaculum	Desulfotomaculum acetoxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_4088	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Pelotomaculum	Pelotomaculum thermopropionicum
ref_mOTU_v2_1485	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfotomaculum	Desulfotomaculum nigrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_4052	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfotomaculum	Desulfotomaculum reducens
ref_mOTU_v2_1946	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfotomaculum	Desulfotomaculum hydrothermale
ref_mOTU_v2_4825	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfotomaculum	Desulfotomaculum ruminis
ref_mOTU_v2_1945	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfotomaculum	Desulfotomaculum alkaliphilum
ref_mOTU_v2_4329	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	candidatus Desulforudis	candidatus Desulforudis audaxviator
ref_mOTU_v2_4237	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Ammonifex	Ammonifex degensii
ref_mOTU_v2_4029	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Syntrophomonadaceae	Syntrophomonas	Syntrophomonas wolfei
ref_mOTU_v2_4680	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Syntrophomonadaceae	Syntrophothermus	Syntrophothermus lipocalidus
ref_mOTU_v2_3005	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfitibacter	Desulfitibacter alkalitolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_1059	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Moorella	Moorella thermoacetica
ref_mOTU_v2_0327	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Thermacetogenium	Thermacetogenium phaeum
ref_mOTU_v2_1233	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfitobacterium	Desulfitobacterium dehalogenans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0329	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfitobacterium	Desulfitobacterium hafniense
ref_mOTU_v2_5049	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfitobacterium	Desulfitobacterium dichloroeliminans
ref_mOTU_v2_5050	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfitobacterium	Desulfitobacterium metallireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_4970	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfosporosinus	Desulfosporosinus youngiae
ref_mOTU_v2_3565	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfosporosinus	Desulfosporosinus sp. HMP52
ref_mOTU_v2_4968	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfosporosinus	Desulfosporosinus meridiei
ref_mOTU_v2_4969	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfosporosinus	Desulfosporosinus orientis
ref_mOTU_v2_5149	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfosporosinus	Desulfosporosinus sp. OT
ref_mOTU_v2_3645	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfosporosinus	Desulfosporosinus sp. Tol-M
ref_mOTU_v2_4696	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Desulfosporosinus	Desulfosporosinus acidiphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_4695	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Syntrophobotulus	Syntrophobotulus glycolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_0572	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Dehalobacter	Dehalobacter restrictus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4363	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Heliobacteriaceae	Heliobacterium	Heliobacterium modesticaldum
ref_mOTU_v2_4655	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Thermincola	Thermincola potens
ref_mOTU_v2_3451	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales fam. incertae sedis	Clostridiales gen. incertae sedis	Clostridiales bacterium DRI-13
ref_mOTU_v2_0434	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	Carboxydothermus	Carboxydothermus sp. [C ferrireducens/hydrogenoformans]
meta_mOTU_v2_6182	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7066	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7091	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales	unknown Clostridiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5554	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Phascolarctobacterium	unknown Phascolarctobacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_5359	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Phascolarctobacterium	Phascolarctobacterium sp. CAG:266
ref_mOTU_v2_0947	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Phascolarctobacterium	Phascolarctobacterium succinatutens
meta_mOTU_v2_5723	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Phascolarctobacterium	Phascolarctobacterium succinatutens
meta_mOTU_v2_7137	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Phascolarctobacterium	Phascolarctobacterium sp. CAG:207
ref_mOTU_v2_2805	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Phascolarctobacterium	Phascolarctobacterium sp. CAG:207
meta_mOTU_v2_5430	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Phascolarctobacterium	Phascolarctobacterium sp. CAG:266
ref_mOTU_v2_2806	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Phascolarctobacterium	Phascolarctobacterium sp. CAG:266
meta_mOTU_v2_5706	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Acidaminococcus	unknown Acidaminococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_4591	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Acidaminococcus	Acidaminococcus fermentans
meta_mOTU_v2_6910	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Acidaminococcus	unknown Acidaminococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_7603	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Acidaminococcus	unknown Acidaminococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_5672	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Acidaminococcus	unknown Acidaminococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_7414	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Acidaminococcus	unknown Acidaminococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_0391	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Acidaminococcus	Acidaminococcus intestini [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1685	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Acidaminococcales	Acidaminococcaceae	Succinispira	Succinispira mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_2245	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 138
ref_mOTU_v2_5210	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas sp. FOBRC6
meta_mOTU_v2_6838	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	unknown Selenomonadaceae	unknown Selenomonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4776	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas infelix
ref_mOTU_v2_3044	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 892
ref_mOTU_v2_5109	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Centipeda	Centipeda periodontii
ref_mOTU_v2_1451	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas noxia
ref_mOTU_v2_5025	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas sp. oral taxon 149
ref_mOTU_v2_4660	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas flueggei
meta_mOTU_v2_6650	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	unknown Selenomonadaceae	unknown Selenomonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_5297	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas sp. F0473
ref_mOTU_v2_0527	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas artemidis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3323	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas sp. ND2010
ref_mOTU_v2_1126	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas ruminantium [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2894	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas ruminantium
ref_mOTU_v2_3560	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas sp. AE3005
ref_mOTU_v2_5171	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas ruminantium
ref_mOTU_v2_3227	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas ruminantium
meta_mOTU_v2_7046	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	unknown Selenomonadaceae	unknown Selenomonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3042	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Mitsuokella	Mitsuokella sp. oral taxon 131
meta_mOTU_v2_7086	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	unknown Selenomonadaceae	unknown Selenomonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3339	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Mitsuokella	Mitsuokella jalaludinii
ref_mOTU_v2_4368	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Mitsuokella	Mitsuokella multacida
ref_mOTU_v2_0528	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas bovis
ref_mOTU_v2_1430	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Selenomonas	Selenomonas sputigena [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3301	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Anaerovibrio	Anaerovibrio lipolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_2491	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Anaerovibrio	Anaerovibrio sp. RM50
meta_mOTU_v2_5333	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	unknown Selenomonadaceae	unknown Selenomonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2051	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Megamonas	Megamonas hypermegale
ref_mOTU_v2_0502	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Megamonas	Megamonas sp. [C funiformis/rupellensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_2220	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Selenomonadaceae	Propionispira	Propionispira raffinosivorans
meta_mOTU_v2_5674	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	unknown Selenomonadales	unknown Selenomonadales	unknown Selenomonadales
ref_mOTU_v2_1570	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Sporomusaceae	Acetonema	Acetonema longum
ref_mOTU_v2_4188	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Sporomusaceae	Thermosinus	Thermosinus carboxydivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_0533	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Sporomusaceae	Sporomusa	Sporomusa ovata
ref_mOTU_v2_4344	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Sporomusaceae	Pelosinus	Pelosinus sp. UFO1
ref_mOTU_v2_0508	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Sporomusaceae	Pelosinus	Pelosinus fermentans
ref_mOTU_v2_0447	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Selenomonadales	Sporomusaceae	Sporomusaceae gen. [C Anaeroarcus/Anaeromusa]	Sporomusaceae sp. [C Anaeroarcus burkinensis/Anaeromusa acidaminophila]
ref_mOTU_v2_5211	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	Veillonella sp. AS16
ref_mOTU_v2_5068	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	Veillonella sp. oral taxon 158
ref_mOTU_v2_1042	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	Veillonella parvula [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4469	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	Veillonella dispar
meta_mOTU_v2_5811	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	unknown Veillonella
ref_mOTU_v2_0561	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	Veillonella atypica [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_5607	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	unknown Veillonella
meta_mOTU_v2_6491	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	unknown Veillonella
ref_mOTU_v2_0542	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	Veillonella montpellierensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5244	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	Veillonella sp. oral taxon 780
ref_mOTU_v2_2211	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	Veillonella magna
ref_mOTU_v2_5095	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	Veillonella seminalis
meta_mOTU_v2_7479	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Veillonella	unknown Veillonella
meta_mOTU_v2_5707	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	unknown Veillonellaceae	unknown Veillonellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6915	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	unknown Veillonellaceae	unknown Veillonellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5949	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	unknown Veillonellaceae	unknown Veillonellaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_0965	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Megasphaera	Megasphaera sp. [C BL7/NM10]
ref_mOTU_v2_0252	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Megasphaera	Megasphaera elsdenii
ref_mOTU_v2_2684	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Megasphaera	Megasphaera massiliensis
meta_mOTU_v2_6765	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	unknown Veillonellaceae	unknown Veillonellaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1787	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Megasphaera	Megasphaera sp. BV3C16-1
ref_mOTU_v2_4840	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Megasphaera	Megasphaera micronuciformis
meta_mOTU_v2_7460	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Colibacter	Colibacter massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5013	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Anaeroglobus	Anaeroglobus geminatus
ref_mOTU_v2_0003	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Megasphaera	Megasphaera genomosp. type_1 [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1545	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Megasphaera	Megasphaera sp. UPII 135-E
meta_mOTU_v2_6402	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	Dialister invisus
meta_mOTU_v2_6634	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	unknown Dialister
meta_mOTU_v2_5887	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	unknown Dialister
meta_mOTU_v2_7291	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	Dialister invisus
ref_mOTU_v2_4885	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	Dialister succinatiphilus
meta_mOTU_v2_7623	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	Dialister invisus
meta_mOTU_v2_6815	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	Dialister sp. CAG:357
meta_mOTU_v2_6308	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	unknown Dialister
meta_mOTU_v2_7328	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	unknown Dialister
ref_mOTU_v2_4598	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	Dialister invisus
meta_mOTU_v2_7085	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	unknown Dialister
meta_mOTU_v2_7163	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	unknown Dialister
meta_mOTU_v2_5539	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	unknown Dialister
meta_mOTU_v2_5337	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	unknown Dialister
meta_mOTU_v2_5867	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	unknown Dialister
ref_mOTU_v2_1523	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Negativicutes	Veillonellales	Veillonellaceae	Dialister	Dialister micraerophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3707	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus stellifer
ref_mOTU_v2_2839	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sabinae
ref_mOTU_v2_4252	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus durus
ref_mOTU_v2_0866	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus odorifer [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1272	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. FSL H7-0737
ref_mOTU_v2_1271	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. FSL R5-0345
ref_mOTU_v2_1270	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus borealis
ref_mOTU_v2_1269	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. [C FSL P4-0081/FSL R5-0912]
ref_mOTU_v2_0864	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. [C FSL R7-269/FSL R7-277]
ref_mOTU_v2_0928	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. [C FSL R7-0331/G4]
ref_mOTU_v2_3647	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. FSL R7-0273
ref_mOTU_v2_3648	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. FSL H7-0357
ref_mOTU_v2_1608	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. HW567
ref_mOTU_v2_3731	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus graminis
ref_mOTU_v2_3859	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus wynnii
ref_mOTU_v2_5274	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus terrae
ref_mOTU_v2_0152	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus polymyxa [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0217	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus peoriae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0649	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus polymyxa
ref_mOTU_v2_0506	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. [C massiliensis/panacisoli]
ref_mOTU_v2_3587	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. TCA20
ref_mOTU_v2_1129	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. MAEPY2
ref_mOTU_v2_0863	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. [C FSL H7-689/FSL R5-192/PAMC 26794]
ref_mOTU_v2_0865	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus vortex [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0867	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. [C FSL H8-457/HGF5/Y412MC10]
ref_mOTU_v2_2739	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. JCM 10914
ref_mOTU_v2_1498	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus lactis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2740	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus pini
ref_mOTU_v2_3546	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. P1XP2
ref_mOTU_v2_2135	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Saccharibacillus	Saccharibacillus kuerlensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2918	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. A9
ref_mOTU_v2_2849	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. GD11
ref_mOTU_v2_0902	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus barengoltzii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_5305	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. oral taxon 786
ref_mOTU_v2_2087	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sanguinis
ref_mOTU_v2_4253	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus macerans
ref_mOTU_v2_2085	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus fonticola
ref_mOTU_v2_2262	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus dendritiformis
ref_mOTU_v2_2476	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. OSY-SE
ref_mOTU_v2_0418	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus alvei
ref_mOTU_v2_2531	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus alvei
ref_mOTU_v2_2088	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus terrigena
ref_mOTU_v2_2757	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus gorillae
ref_mOTU_v2_4007	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. JDR-2
ref_mOTU_v2_4869	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus curdlanolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1109	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus darwinianus
ref_mOTU_v2_4868	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Thermobacillus	Thermobacillus composti
ref_mOTU_v2_2084	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus daejeonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1911	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Cohnella	Cohnella laeviribosi
ref_mOTU_v2_5261	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Cohnella	Cohnella panacarvi
ref_mOTU_v2_1487	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus larvae
ref_mOTU_v2_0304	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus chitinolyticus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2083	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus alginolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_0155	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus mucilaginosus
ref_mOTU_v2_0085	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus tyrfis
ref_mOTU_v2_0084	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus elgii
ref_mOTU_v2_3427	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus ehimensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2086	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus ginsengihumi
ref_mOTU_v2_3444	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus sp. UNC451MF
ref_mOTU_v2_1602	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Paenibacillus	Paenibacillus senegalensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2877	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Gorillibacterium	Gorillibacterium massiliense
ref_mOTU_v2_0136	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus kefiranofaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_3382	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus gallinarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0861	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus helveticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1171	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sp. [C acidophilus/amylovorus]
ref_mOTU_v2_1172	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus kitasatonis
ref_mOTU_v2_4425	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus ultunensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0862	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus acidophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_1063	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus crispatus
ref_mOTU_v2_3384	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus hamsteri
ref_mOTU_v2_4578	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus amylolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_5258	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sp. ASF360
ref_mOTU_v2_3666	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sp. wkB10
ref_mOTU_v2_3667	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sp. wkB8
ref_mOTU_v2_3389	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus pasteurii
ref_mOTU_v2_3383	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus gigeriorum
ref_mOTU_v2_3386	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus hominis
ref_mOTU_v2_1143	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus johnsonii
ref_mOTU_v2_0725	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus gasseri
ref_mOTU_v2_1424	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus iners [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1111	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus jensenii
ref_mOTU_v2_1425	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus jensenii
ref_mOTU_v2_2025	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus psittaci
ref_mOTU_v2_0181	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus delbrueckii
ref_mOTU_v2_2952	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus equicursoris
ref_mOTU_v2_3387	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus nodensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5207	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus farciminis
ref_mOTU_v2_2024	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus paralimentarius
ref_mOTU_v2_3393	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus versmoldensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2675	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus shenzhenensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2022	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus harbinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3379	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus composti
ref_mOTU_v2_1169	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sp. [C casei/zeae]
ref_mOTU_v2_0048	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus rhamnosus
ref_mOTU_v2_0226	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sp. [C casei/paracasei]
ref_mOTU_v2_3381	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus fuchuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0992	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sakei
ref_mOTU_v2_1698	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus curvatus
ref_mOTU_v2_0726	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus coryniformis
ref_mOTU_v2_0385	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc	Leuconostoc citreum
ref_mOTU_v2_0929	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc	Leuconostoc lactis
ref_mOTU_v2_0877	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc	Leuconostoc gelidum
ref_mOTU_v2_1501	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc	Leuconostoc kimchii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2658	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc	Leuconostoc carnosum
ref_mOTU_v2_0384	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc	Leuconostoc mesenteroides
ref_mOTU_v2_0644	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc	Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides
ref_mOTU_v2_5129	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Leuconostoc	Leuconostoc fallax
ref_mOTU_v2_5184	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Fructobacillus	Fructobacillus fructosus
ref_mOTU_v2_0504	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Oenococcus	Oenococcus oeni
ref_mOTU_v2_0189	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Oenococcus	Oenococcus kitaharae
ref_mOTU_v2_2240	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella	Weissella confusa
ref_mOTU_v2_5141	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella	Weissella cibaria
ref_mOTU_v2_4296	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella	Weissella hellenica
ref_mOTU_v2_4577	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella	Weissella paramesenteroides
ref_mOTU_v2_3055	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella	Weissella oryzae
ref_mOTU_v2_0920	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella	Weissella ceti
ref_mOTU_v2_2214	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella	Weissella halotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_0191	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Leuconostocaceae	Weissella	Weissella koreensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0154	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus plantarum
ref_mOTU_v2_1103	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sp. [C paraplantarum/plantarum]
ref_mOTU_v2_0589	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sp. [C pentosus/plantarum]
ref_mOTU_v2_3257	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus fabifermentans
ref_mOTU_v2_5236	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus fructivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4859	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sanfranciscensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0847	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus florum
ref_mOTU_v2_1167	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus kunkeei
ref_mOTU_v2_3388	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus otakiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0272	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus buchneri
ref_mOTU_v2_3380	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus farraginis
ref_mOTU_v2_1170	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sp. [C brevis/buchneri/hilgardii]
ref_mOTU_v2_4985	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus parafarraginis
ref_mOTU_v2_4986	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus kisonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2285	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus curieae
ref_mOTU_v2_2991	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus namurensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0013	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus brevis
ref_mOTU_v2_2830	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus parabrevis
ref_mOTU_v2_2945	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus oryzae
ref_mOTU_v2_2023	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus malefermentans
ref_mOTU_v2_4836	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Pediococcus	Pediococcus claussenii
ref_mOTU_v2_0308	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Pediococcus	Pediococcus acidilactici
ref_mOTU_v2_0577	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Pediococcus	Pediococcus pentosaceus
meta_mOTU_v2_6592	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	unknown Lactobacillus
ref_mOTU_v2_4553	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus coleohominis
meta_mOTU_v2_6032	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	unknown Lactobacillus
ref_mOTU_v2_1076	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus reuteri
ref_mOTU_v2_3392	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus vaginalis
meta_mOTU_v2_7023	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	unknown Lactobacillus
ref_mOTU_v2_1528	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus oris
ref_mOTU_v2_4424	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus antri
ref_mOTU_v2_0568	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus mucosae
ref_mOTU_v2_2294	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus gastricus
ref_mOTU_v2_1050	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus fermentum
ref_mOTU_v2_2503	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus ingluviei
ref_mOTU_v2_3391	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus suebicus
ref_mOTU_v2_0409	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus rossiae
ref_mOTU_v2_2269	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus vini
ref_mOTU_v2_3390	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus sucicola
ref_mOTU_v2_0196	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus mali
ref_mOTU_v2_2753	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus pobuzihii
ref_mOTU_v2_1278	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus animalis
ref_mOTU_v2_2712	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus murinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3378	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus apodemi
ref_mOTU_v2_0167	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus ruminis
ref_mOTU_v2_1123	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus equi
meta_mOTU_v2_5369	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	unknown Lactobacillus
ref_mOTU_v2_3385	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus hayakitensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0125	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus salivarius
ref_mOTU_v2_2021	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus ceti
ref_mOTU_v2_0498	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Lactobacillaceae	Lactobacillus	Lactobacillus saerimneri
ref_mOTU_v2_1398	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus gordonii
ref_mOTU_v2_1399	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. 2_1_36FAA
ref_mOTU_v2_5125	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. oral taxon 056
ref_mOTU_v2_0279	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sanguinis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_5118	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sanguinis
ref_mOTU_v2_0278	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sanguinis
ref_mOTU_v2_5117	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sanguinis
ref_mOTU_v2_3713	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2992	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus cristatus
ref_mOTU_v2_1525	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus cristatus
ref_mOTU_v2_4971	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_5026	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_1546	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_5015	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. oral taxon 058
ref_mOTU_v2_2963	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis
ref_mOTU_v2_1016	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1747	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. SK643
ref_mOTU_v2_0022	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0020	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus pneumoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_0030	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0026	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0025	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0031	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0032	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_4515	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. M334
ref_mOTU_v2_0023	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0027	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0029	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0028	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0021	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_0024	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0033	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mitis
ref_mOTU_v2_1746	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. SK140
ref_mOTU_v2_5047	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus infantis
ref_mOTU_v2_5116	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus peroris
ref_mOTU_v2_0683	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. [C infantis/mitis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1612	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus infantis
meta_mOTU_v2_5642	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	unknown Streptococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_1561	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus infantis
ref_mOTU_v2_2507	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. HPH0090
ref_mOTU_v2_0072	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0984	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis
ref_mOTU_v2_0357	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis
ref_mOTU_v2_0356	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0353	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0354	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis
ref_mOTU_v2_0146	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0355	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus oralis
ref_mOTU_v2_0650	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. [C I-G2/I-P16]
ref_mOTU_v2_1524	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus australis
ref_mOTU_v2_5298	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. F0442
ref_mOTU_v2_0145	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. HSISM1
ref_mOTU_v2_0144	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus parasanguinis
ref_mOTU_v2_0004	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus anginosus
ref_mOTU_v2_0005	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus anginosus
ref_mOTU_v2_0351	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus anginosus
ref_mOTU_v2_0687	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus anginosus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0352	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus intermedius
ref_mOTU_v2_0143	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. [C constellatus/intermedius]
ref_mOTU_v2_0535	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2180	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus porci
ref_mOTU_v2_2179	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus plurextorum
ref_mOTU_v2_2181	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus thoraltensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0534	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. [C agalactiae/hyovaginalis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0656	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus salivarius [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0198	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus vestibularis
ref_mOTU_v2_0199	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus salivarius [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0219	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus thermophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_5124	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus downei
ref_mOTU_v2_0288	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sobrinus
ref_mOTU_v2_5052	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus criceti
ref_mOTU_v2_1297	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. [C hongkongensis/uberis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1516	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus pseudoporcinus
ref_mOTU_v2_5051	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus porcinus
ref_mOTU_v2_0938	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus iniae
ref_mOTU_v2_3121	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus uberis
ref_mOTU_v2_0787	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus parauberis
ref_mOTU_v2_2169	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus didelphis
ref_mOTU_v2_0006	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus dysgalactiae
ref_mOTU_v2_0104	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus pyogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4340	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus canis
ref_mOTU_v2_2167	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus castoreus
ref_mOTU_v2_0218	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus equi
ref_mOTU_v2_1544	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus phocae
ref_mOTU_v2_4948	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus ictaluri
ref_mOTU_v2_0366	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus agalactiae
ref_mOTU_v2_1502	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus urinalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0416	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. [C equinus/gallolyticus/macedonicus/pasteurianus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0793	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus equinus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0261	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus sp. [C equinus/infantarius/lutetiensis]
meta_mOTU_v2_7292	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	unknown Streptococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_2166	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus caballi
ref_mOTU_v2_2176	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus orisratti
ref_mOTU_v2_2172	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus henryi
ref_mOTU_v2_2171	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus ferus
ref_mOTU_v2_4947	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus macacae
ref_mOTU_v2_1491	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus ratti
ref_mOTU_v2_2168	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus devriesei
ref_mOTU_v2_0289	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus mutans
ref_mOTU_v2_2173	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus marimammalium
ref_mOTU_v2_2174	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus merionis
ref_mOTU_v2_2170	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus entericus
ref_mOTU_v2_2175	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus minor
ref_mOTU_v2_2177	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus ovis
ref_mOTU_v2_3037	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus suis
ref_mOTU_v2_0802	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus suis
ref_mOTU_v2_0066	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus suis
ref_mOTU_v2_0064	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus suis
ref_mOTU_v2_0065	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus suis
ref_mOTU_v2_0062	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus suis
ref_mOTU_v2_0063	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Streptococcus	Streptococcus suis
ref_mOTU_v2_2676	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus	Lactococcus garvieae
ref_mOTU_v2_2655	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus	Lactococcus garvieae
ref_mOTU_v2_0107	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus	Lactococcus garvieae
ref_mOTU_v2_0182	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus	Lactococcus lactis
ref_mOTU_v2_0371	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus	Lactococcus lactis
ref_mOTU_v2_2569	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Streptococcaceae	Lactococcus	Lactococcus raffinolactis
ref_mOTU_v2_2696	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Catellicoccus	Catellicoccus marimammalium
ref_mOTU_v2_0654	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus sp. [C faecium/hirae]
ref_mOTU_v2_0675	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus villorum
ref_mOTU_v2_0598	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus durans
ref_mOTU_v2_0671	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus mundtii
ref_mOTU_v2_0372	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus faecium [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2800	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus faecalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0679	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus moraviensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0681	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus caccae
ref_mOTU_v2_3372	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus sp. TR
ref_mOTU_v2_0678	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus haemoperoxidus
ref_mOTU_v2_0116	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus faecalis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0330	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Melissococcus	Melissococcus plutonius
ref_mOTU_v2_0680	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus phoeniculicola
ref_mOTU_v2_0677	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus pallens
ref_mOTU_v2_0673	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus raffinosus
ref_mOTU_v2_0599	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus avium
ref_mOTU_v2_0672	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus malodoratus
ref_mOTU_v2_0682	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus gilvus
ref_mOTU_v2_0676	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus asini
ref_mOTU_v2_0595	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus dispar
ref_mOTU_v2_0674	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus sp. [C casseliflavus/faecalis/faecium]
ref_mOTU_v2_1043	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus sp. [C gallinarum/saccharolyticus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0596	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus saccharolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_5246	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Tetragenococcus	Tetragenococcus halophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2190	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Tetragenococcus	Tetragenococcus muriaticus
ref_mOTU_v2_5110	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus italicus
ref_mOTU_v2_0600	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus sulfureus
ref_mOTU_v2_0488	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus cecorum
ref_mOTU_v2_0489	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Enterococcus	Enterococcus columbae
ref_mOTU_v2_3280	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Vagococcus	Vagococcus lutrae
ref_mOTU_v2_2656	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Alkalibacterium	Alkalibacterium sp. AK22
ref_mOTU_v2_5088	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Alloiococcus	Alloiococcus otitis
ref_mOTU_v2_5089	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Dolosigranulum	Dolosigranulum pigrum
ref_mOTU_v2_1862	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Allofustis	Allofustis seminis
ref_mOTU_v2_1877	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Atopococcus	Atopococcus tabaci
ref_mOTU_v2_2020	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Lacticigenium	Lacticigenium naphtae
ref_mOTU_v2_3454	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium funditum
ref_mOTU_v2_3456	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium mobile
ref_mOTU_v2_3452	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium alterfunditum
ref_mOTU_v2_3457	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium pleistocenium
ref_mOTU_v2_0955	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium inhibens
ref_mOTU_v2_1198	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium jeotgali [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0956	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium sp. [C 17-4/WN1374]
ref_mOTU_v2_3453	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium divergens
ref_mOTU_v2_3455	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium gallinarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0320	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Carnobacterium	Carnobacterium maltaromaticum
ref_mOTU_v2_4634	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Granulicatella	Granulicatella elegans
ref_mOTU_v2_4659	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Granulicatella	Granulicatella adiacens
meta_mOTU_v2_6288	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	unknown Lactobacillales	unknown Lactobacillales	unknown Lactobacillales
ref_mOTU_v2_1887	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Enterococcaceae	Bavariicoccus	Bavariicoccus seileri
ref_mOTU_v2_3074	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Carnobacteriaceae	Atopobacter	Atopobacter phocae
ref_mOTU_v2_3308	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Facklamia	Facklamia sourekii
ref_mOTU_v2_0490	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Eremococcus	Eremococcus coleocola
ref_mOTU_v2_5091	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Facklamia	Facklamia ignava
ref_mOTU_v2_5092	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Facklamia	Facklamia languida
ref_mOTU_v2_1520	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Facklamia	Facklamia hominis
ref_mOTU_v2_4595	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Abiotrophia	Abiotrophia defectiva
ref_mOTU_v2_0444	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Aerococcus	Aerococcus sp. [C urinaeequi/viridans]
meta_mOTU_v2_6445	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Aerococcus	Aerococcus christensenii
ref_mOTU_v2_5036	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Lactobacillales	Aerococcaceae	Aerococcus	Aerococcus urinae
ref_mOTU_v2_1357	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium sp. [C AT1b/NG55]
ref_mOTU_v2_3250	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium marinum
ref_mOTU_v2_4997	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium sp. S17
ref_mOTU_v2_1083	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium pavilionensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1243	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium alkaliphilum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1039	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium aurantiacum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0319	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium antarcticum
ref_mOTU_v2_1132	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium undae
ref_mOTU_v2_3843	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium sibiricum
ref_mOTU_v2_3251	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium oxidotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_1133	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XII. Incertae Sedis	Exiguobacterium	Exiguobacterium acetylicum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2208	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Sporolactobacillaceae	Tuberibacillus	Tuberibacillus calidus
ref_mOTU_v2_4704	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus cellulosilyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1883	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus chagannorensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4244	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Sporolactobacillaceae	Sporolactobacillaceae gen. incertae sedis	[Bacillus] selenitireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_1211	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales fam .incertae sedis	Geomicrobium	Geomicrobium sp. [C JCM 19037/JCM 19039]
ref_mOTU_v2_1212	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales fam .incertae sedis	Geomicrobium	Geomicrobium sp. [C JCM 19038/JCM 19055]
ref_mOTU_v2_2144	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Salsuginibacillus	Salsuginibacillus kocurii
ref_mOTU_v2_1882	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus aidingensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2044	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Marinococcus	Marinococcus halotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_1213	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C JCM 19045/JCM 19046]
ref_mOTU_v2_2772	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus lehensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3500	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. JCM 19047
ref_mOTU_v2_1476	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus clausii
ref_mOTU_v2_3469	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. TS-2
ref_mOTU_v2_2583	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus alcalophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2737	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus hemicellulosilyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_2736	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus wakoensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4025	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus okhensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2738	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus akibai
ref_mOTU_v2_0735	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C marmarensis/pseudofirmus]
ref_mOTU_v2_2273	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus ligniniphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3868	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus halodurans
ref_mOTU_v2_3302	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus bogoriensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2477	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Fictibacillus	Fictibacillus macauensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1885	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Fictibacillus	Fictibacillus gelatini
ref_mOTU_v2_2848	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Planomicrobium	Planomicrobium glaciei
ref_mOTU_v2_2439	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Planococcus	Planococcus antarcticus
ref_mOTU_v2_5193	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Planococcus	Planococcus donghaensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1562	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Planococcus	Planococcus halocryophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3634	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Planococcus	Planococcus sp. PAMC 21323
ref_mOTU_v2_2672	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Paenisporosarcina	Paenisporosarcina sp. TG-14
ref_mOTU_v2_3011	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Sporosarcina	Sporosarcina sp. EUR3 2.2.2
ref_mOTU_v2_1711	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Paenisporosarcina	Paenisporosarcina sp. HGH0030
ref_mOTU_v2_3193	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lysinibacillus	Lysinibacillus manganicus
ref_mOTU_v2_2550	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lysinibacillus	Lysinibacillus massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3196	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lysinibacillus	Lysinibacillus sinduriensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2356	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Ureibacillus	Ureibacillus thermosphaericus
ref_mOTU_v2_0053	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Solibacillus	Solibacillus sp. [C isronensis/silvestris]
ref_mOTU_v2_2604	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lysinibacillus	Lysinibacillus odysseyi
ref_mOTU_v2_3111	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FF3
ref_mOTU_v2_1135	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lysinibacillus	Lysinibacillus sp. [C sphaericus/fusiformis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0880	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lysinibacillus	Lysinibacillus sp. [C boronitolerans/fusiformis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0625	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lysinibacillus	Lysinibacillus sp. [C sphaericus/varians]
ref_mOTU_v2_2922	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lysinibacillus	Lysinibacillus sphaericus
ref_mOTU_v2_3547	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lysinibacillus	Lysinibacillus sp. BF-4
ref_mOTU_v2_1600	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Kurthia	Kurthia massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1601	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Kurthia	Kurthia sp. JC8E
ref_mOTU_v2_1599	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Kurthia	Kurthia sp. Dielmo
ref_mOTU_v2_3068	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Kurthia	Kurthia huakuii
ref_mOTU_v2_2623	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Viridibacillus	Viridibacillus arenosi
ref_mOTU_v2_1582	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Sporosarcina	Sporosarcina newyorkensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2164	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Sporosarcina	Sporosarcina ureae
ref_mOTU_v2_3187	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Sporosarcina	Sporosarcina sp. D27
ref_mOTU_v2_2700	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Bhargavaea	Bhargavaea cecembensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0574	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C 37MA/72]
ref_mOTU_v2_1983	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Caldibacillus	Caldibacillus debilis
ref_mOTU_v2_3583	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. KW-12
ref_mOTU_v2_4071	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus thermoamylovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4737	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus smithii
ref_mOTU_v2_1359	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus ginsengihumi
ref_mOTU_v2_0271	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus coagulans
ref_mOTU_v2_4263	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus acidiproducens
ref_mOTU_v2_1884	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus fordii
ref_mOTU_v2_3580	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus rubiinfantis
ref_mOTU_v2_3112	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. FF4
ref_mOTU_v2_3375	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus stearothermophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2259	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus vireti
ref_mOTU_v2_1816	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus bataviensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3503	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. JCE
ref_mOTU_v2_5033	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus niacini
ref_mOTU_v2_3086	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. UNC438CL73TsuS30
ref_mOTU_v2_2980	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. URHB0009
ref_mOTU_v2_3108	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. EB01
ref_mOTU_v2_5289	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus methanolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_1505	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus methanolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4743	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. 1NLA3E
ref_mOTU_v2_0751	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus oceanisediminis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3016	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus firmus
ref_mOTU_v2_5199	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. J33
ref_mOTU_v2_1013	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus boroniphilus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3144	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus infantis
ref_mOTU_v2_3284	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. MB2021
ref_mOTU_v2_1607	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus massiliosenegalensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2758	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus massiliogorillae
ref_mOTU_v2_2554	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus massilioanorexius
ref_mOTU_v2_3267	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus simplex
ref_mOTU_v2_2404	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus psychrosaccharolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_2470	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus endophyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3426	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus flexus
ref_mOTU_v2_0078	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C aryabhattai/flexus/megaterium]
ref_mOTU_v2_2698	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus caldoxylosilyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_2959	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus stearothermophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_4314	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus sp. WCH70
ref_mOTU_v2_0590	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus thermoglucosidasius [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1168	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus stearothermophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3104	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus sp. JF8
ref_mOTU_v2_3189	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus vulcani
ref_mOTU_v2_0207	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus sp. [C kaustophilus/thermocatenulatus/thermoleovorans]
ref_mOTU_v2_1113	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus sp. [C icigianus/subterraneus]
ref_mOTU_v2_1161	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Geobacillus	Geobacillus thermodenitrificans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3644	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Anoxybacillus	Anoxybacillus sp. KU2-6(11)
ref_mOTU_v2_3178	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Anoxybacillus	Anoxybacillus flavithermus
ref_mOTU_v2_2966	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Anoxybacillus	Anoxybacillus flavithermus
ref_mOTU_v2_1041	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Anoxybacillus	Anoxybacillus flavithermus
ref_mOTU_v2_2836	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Anoxybacillus	Anoxybacillus flavithermus
ref_mOTU_v2_0798	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Anoxybacillus	Anoxybacillus sp. [C gonensis/kamchatkensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_3191	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Anoxybacillus	Anoxybacillus tepidamans
ref_mOTU_v2_0573	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus azotoformans
ref_mOTU_v2_2417	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus xiamenensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2418	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. DW5-4
ref_mOTU_v2_0721	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus pumilus
ref_mOTU_v2_0720	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C pumilus/safensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0299	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C altitudinis/pumilus/stratosphericus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0923	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus atrophaeus
ref_mOTU_v2_0222	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus tequilensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0221	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Planococcaceae	Sporosarcina	Sporosarcina pasteurii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0220	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus mojavensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0012	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales fam. [C Bacillaceae/Paenibacillaceae]	Bacillales gen. [C Bacillus/Paenibacillus]	Bacillales sp. [C Bacillus amyloliquefaciens/Bacillus subtilis/Bacillus velezensis/Bacillus siamensis/Paenibacillus polymyxa/Paenibacillus lentimorbus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0558	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C licheniformis/paralicheniformis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0844	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sonorensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1206	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C cibi/indicus]
ref_mOTU_v2_3377	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. SJS
ref_mOTU_v2_5200	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. J37
ref_mOTU_v2_4546	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus gaemokensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4439	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus cereus
ref_mOTU_v2_0234	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C cereus/mycoides/thuringiensis/toyonensis/weihenstephanensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0233	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C anthracis/cereus/subtilis/thuringiensis/weihenstephanensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_3273	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus mycoides
ref_mOTU_v2_0235	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. [C cereus/mycoides/pseudomycoides]
ref_mOTU_v2_3966	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus cytotoxicus
ref_mOTU_v2_2382	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. 123MFChir2
ref_mOTU_v2_4547	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus manliponensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4196	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. m3-13
ref_mOTU_v2_1596	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus timonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3779	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus vietnamensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3730	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus aquimaris
ref_mOTU_v2_4251	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus coahuilensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5275	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus agnetis
ref_mOTU_v2_2601	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus chromogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_2286	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus intermedius
ref_mOTU_v2_0601	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. [C delphini/pseudintermedius]
ref_mOTU_v2_1710	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. HGB0015
ref_mOTU_v2_0738	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5126	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus pettenkoferi
ref_mOTU_v2_0797	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus arlettae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0684	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus equorum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0946	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus xylosus
ref_mOTU_v2_0570	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus saprophyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_5016	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. AL1
ref_mOTU_v2_0007	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus epidermidis
ref_mOTU_v2_0736	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus capitis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4427	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus caprae
ref_mOTU_v2_0140	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus lugdunensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0727	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus hominis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0584	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. [C aureus/haemolyticus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0893	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. [C E463/URHA0057]
ref_mOTU_v2_0750	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. [C pasteuri/warneri]
ref_mOTU_v2_0970	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. [C argenteus/aureus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0067	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus aureus
ref_mOTU_v2_4169	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus carnosus
ref_mOTU_v2_1138	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus simulans
ref_mOTU_v2_0889	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus sp. [C aureus/sciuri]
ref_mOTU_v2_2377	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus vitulinus
ref_mOTU_v2_2422	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Staphylococcus	Staphylococcus lentus
ref_mOTU_v2_4292	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Macrococcus	Macrococcus caseolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_2012	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Jeotgalicoccus	Jeotgalicoccus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_2013	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Jeotgalicoccus	Jeotgalicoccus psychrophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3504	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Jeotgalicoccus	Jeotgalicoccus sp. 13MG44_air
ref_mOTU_v2_2139	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Salinicoccus	Salinicoccus albus
ref_mOTU_v2_2702	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Salinicoccus	Salinicoccus carnicancri
ref_mOTU_v2_2140	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Salinicoccus	Salinicoccus luteus
ref_mOTU_v2_2686	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Staphylococcaceae	Nosocomiicoccus	Nosocomiicoccus massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1982	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XI. Incertae Sedis	Gemella	Gemella cuniculi
meta_mOTU_v2_5338	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	unknown Bacillales	unknown Bacillales	unknown Bacillales
ref_mOTU_v2_4468	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XI. Incertae Sedis	Gemella	Gemella haemolysans
meta_mOTU_v2_7351	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	unknown Bacillales	unknown Bacillales	unknown Bacillales
ref_mOTU_v2_4512	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XI. Incertae Sedis	Gemella	Gemella haemolysans
ref_mOTU_v2_1151	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XI. Incertae Sedis	Gemella	Gemella sanguinis
ref_mOTU_v2_4513	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XI. Incertae Sedis	Gemella	Gemella morbillorum
ref_mOTU_v2_3047	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family XI. Incertae Sedis	Gemella	Gemella bergeri
ref_mOTU_v2_1605	Bacteria	Bacteria phylum incertae sedis	Bacteria class incertae sedis	Haloplasmatales	Haloplasmataceae	Haloplasma	Haloplasma contractile
meta_mOTU_v2_5934	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	unknown Bacilli	unknown Bacilli	unknown Bacilli	unknown Bacilli
ref_mOTU_v2_1493	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Erysipelotrichia	Erysipelotrichales	Erysipelotrichaceae	Turicibacter	Turicibacter sanguinis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4837	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria marthii
ref_mOTU_v2_0118	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria monocytogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4121	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria welshimeri
ref_mOTU_v2_0049	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria innocua
ref_mOTU_v2_1482	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria seeligeri
ref_mOTU_v2_1204	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria ivanovii
ref_mOTU_v2_1205	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria ivanovii
ref_mOTU_v2_0954	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria grayi
ref_mOTU_v2_2818	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria floridensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2819	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria aquatica
ref_mOTU_v2_0801	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria fleischmannii
ref_mOTU_v2_1250	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria newyorkensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2821	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria cornellensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2823	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria rocourtiae
ref_mOTU_v2_2822	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria weihenstephanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2820	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria grandensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0953	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Listeria	Listeria sp. [C booriae/riparia]
ref_mOTU_v2_0467	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Brochothrix	Brochothrix thermosphacta
ref_mOTU_v2_2824	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Listeriaceae	Brochothrix	Brochothrix campestris
ref_mOTU_v2_3709	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Oceanobacillus	Oceanobacillus picturae
ref_mOTU_v2_4582	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Oceanobacillus	Oceanobacillus manasiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3120	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus megaterium
ref_mOTU_v2_1093	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Virgibacillus	Virgibacillus sp. [C CM-4/Vm-5]
ref_mOTU_v2_4193	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Virgibacillus	Virgibacillus sp. SK37
ref_mOTU_v2_2469	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Virgibacillus	Virgibacillus halodenitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_3782	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Oceanobacillus	Oceanobacillus iheyensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2744	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Oceanobacillus	Oceanobacillus kimchii
ref_mOTU_v2_3508	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Oceanobacillus	Oceanobacillus sp. S5
ref_mOTU_v2_5251	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Oceanobacillus	Oceanobacillus massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4830	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Virgibacillus	Virgibacillus alimentarius
ref_mOTU_v2_4503	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Lentibacillus	Lentibacillus jeotgali
ref_mOTU_v2_3109	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Paucisalibacillus	Paucisalibacillus sp. EB02
ref_mOTU_v2_5266	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Ornithinibacillus	Ornithinibacillus scapharcae
ref_mOTU_v2_1276	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Halobacillus	Halobacillus dabanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2000	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Halobacillus	Halobacillus kuroshimensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2770	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Halobacillus	Halobacillus sp. BAB-2008
ref_mOTU_v2_5037	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Halobacillus	Halobacillus halophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2662	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Salimicrobium	Salimicrobium jeotgali
ref_mOTU_v2_1998	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Halalkalibacillus	Halalkalibacillus halophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_1115	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Pontibacillus	Pontibacillus halophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3204	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Pontibacillus	Pontibacillus yanchengensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3202	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Pontibacillus	Pontibacillus litoralis
ref_mOTU_v2_3203	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Pontibacillus	Pontibacillus chungwhensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3201	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Pontibacillus	Pontibacillus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3019	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Gracilibacillus	Gracilibacillus halophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_1991	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Gracilibacillus	Gracilibacillus lacisalsi
ref_mOTU_v2_2971	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Gracilibacillus	Gracilibacillus boraciitolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_4828	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Amphibacillus	Amphibacillus xylanus
ref_mOTU_v2_4510	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Amphibacillus	Amphibacillus jilinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1689	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus sp. NSP22.2
ref_mOTU_v2_4583	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Terribacillus	Terribacillus aidingensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0532	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Sporolactobacillaceae	Sporolactobacillus	Sporolactobacillus vineae
ref_mOTU_v2_1194	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Sporolactobacillaceae	Sporolactobacillus	Sporolactobacillus terrae
ref_mOTU_v2_3238	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Sporolactobacillaceae	Sporolactobacillus	Sporolactobacillus laevolacticus
ref_mOTU_v2_5277	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Caldalkalibacillus	Caldalkalibacillus thermarum
ref_mOTU_v2_2733	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillaceae	Bacillus	Bacillus mannanilyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1732	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Bacillales Family X. Incertae Sedis	Thermicanus	Thermicanus aegyptius
ref_mOTU_v2_0179	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	Brevibacillus laterosporus
ref_mOTU_v2_1891	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	Brevibacillus laterosporus
ref_mOTU_v2_1820	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	Brevibacillus massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1085	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	Brevibacillus thermoruber
ref_mOTU_v2_0606	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	Brevibacillus agri [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0604	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	Brevibacillus brevis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0567	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	Brevibacillus brevis
ref_mOTU_v2_3282	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	Brevibacillus panacihumi
ref_mOTU_v2_1020	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Brevibacillus	Brevibacillus borstelensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3138	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Alicyclobacillus	Alicyclobacillus acidoterrestris
ref_mOTU_v2_1661	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Alicyclobacillus	Alicyclobacillus acidocaldarius
ref_mOTU_v2_1418	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Alicyclobacillus	Alicyclobacillus acidocaldarius
ref_mOTU_v2_2489	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Alicyclobacillus	Alicyclobacillus hesperidum
ref_mOTU_v2_1788	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Alicyclobacillus	Alicyclobacillus pomorum
ref_mOTU_v2_1858	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Alicyclobacillus	Alicyclobacillus contaminans
ref_mOTU_v2_3186	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Alicyclobacillus	Alicyclobacillus macrosporangiidus
ref_mOTU_v2_1859	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Alicyclobacillus	Alicyclobacillus herbarius
ref_mOTU_v2_2336	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Tumebacillus	Tumebacillus flagellatus
ref_mOTU_v2_1860	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Effusibacillus	Effusibacillus pohliae
ref_mOTU_v2_4706	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Paenibacillaceae	Aneurinibacillus	Aneurinibacillus aneurinilyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_5290	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Thermoactinomycetaceae	Desmospora	Desmospora sp. 8437
ref_mOTU_v2_3056	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Thermoactinomycetaceae	Thermoactinomyces	Thermoactinomyces daqus
ref_mOTU_v2_3088	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Thermoactinomycetaceae	Laceyella	Laceyella sacchari
ref_mOTU_v2_3643	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Thermoactinomycetaceae	Thermoactinomyces	Thermoactinomyces sp. Gus2-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2150	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Thermoactinomycetaceae	Shimazuella	Shimazuella kribbensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4511	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Bacilli	Bacillales	Alicyclobacillaceae	Kyrpidia	Kyrpidia tusciae
ref_mOTU_v2_4691	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XVII. Incertae Sedis	Thermaerobacter	Thermaerobacter marianensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5039	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XVII. Incertae Sedis	Thermaerobacter	Thermaerobacter subterraneus
ref_mOTU_v2_0804	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XVII. Incertae Sedis	Sulfobacillus	Sulfobacillus thermosulfidooxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_0223	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiales Family XVII. Incertae Sedis	Sulfobacillus	Sulfobacillus acidophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3906	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Symbiobacteriaceae	Symbiobacterium	Symbiobacterium thermophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_4545	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Halanaerobiales	Halobacteroidaceae	Acetohalobium	Acetohalobium arabaticum
ref_mOTU_v2_5168	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Halanaerobiales	Halobacteroidaceae	Halonatronum	Halonatronum saccharophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_5161	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Halanaerobiales	Halobacteroidaceae	Orenia	Orenia marismortui
ref_mOTU_v2_4912	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Halanaerobiales	Halobacteroidaceae	Halobacteroides	Halobacteroides halobius
ref_mOTU_v2_4717	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Halanaerobiales	Halanaerobiaceae	Halanaerobium	Halanaerobium hydrogeniformans
ref_mOTU_v2_4531	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Halanaerobiales	Halanaerobiaceae	Halanaerobium	Halanaerobium praevalens
ref_mOTU_v2_2951	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Halanaerobiales	Halanaerobiaceae	Halanaerobium	Halanaerobium saccharolyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_4092	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Halanaerobiales	Halanaerobiaceae	Halothermothrix	Halothermothrix orenii
ref_mOTU_v2_4291	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Natranaerobiales	Natranaerobiaceae	Natranaerobius	Natranaerobius thermophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_4493	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Syntrophomonadaceae	Dethiobacter	Dethiobacter alkaliphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_4289	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Synergistes	Synergistes sp. 3_1_syn1
meta_mOTU_v2_6989	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	unknown Synergistaceae	unknown Synergistaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3877	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Synergistes	Synergistes jonesii
meta_mOTU_v2_5538	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	unknown Synergistaceae	unknown Synergistaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_5164	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Thermanaerovibrio	Thermanaerovibrio velox
ref_mOTU_v2_4430	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Thermanaerovibrio	Thermanaerovibrio acidaminovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4570	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Aminomonas	Aminomonas paucivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3000	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Aminiphilus	Aminiphilus circumscriptus
ref_mOTU_v2_5121	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Anaerobaculum	Anaerobaculum mobile
ref_mOTU_v2_4596	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Anaerobaculum	Anaerobaculum hydrogeniformans
ref_mOTU_v2_4559	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Thermovirga	Thermovirga lienii
ref_mOTU_v2_4535	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Aminobacterium	Aminobacterium colombiense
ref_mOTU_v2_3001	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Aminobacterium	Aminobacterium mobile
ref_mOTU_v2_4064	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Pyramidobacter	Pyramidobacter piscolens
ref_mOTU_v2_0393	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Jonquetella	Jonquetella anthropi [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4308	Bacteria	Synergistetes	Synergistia	Synergistales	Synergistaceae	Dethiosulfovibrio	Dethiosulfovibrio peptidovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1396	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium ulcerans
ref_mOTU_v2_4311	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium varium
meta_mOTU_v2_6256	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	unknown Fusobacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_5746	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	unknown Fusobacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_4310	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium mortiferum
meta_mOTU_v2_7742	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	unknown Fusobacteriaceae	unknown Fusobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1402	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium periodonticum
ref_mOTU_v2_1403	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium sp. oral taxon 370
ref_mOTU_v2_0130	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium hwasookii
ref_mOTU_v2_0131	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. polymorphum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0777	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. nucleatum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0754	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. vincentii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3283	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium nucleatum W1481
ref_mOTU_v2_0776	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium nucleatum subsp. animalis [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6894	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	unknown Fusobacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_2867	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium russii
ref_mOTU_v2_1404	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium gonidiaformans
ref_mOTU_v2_0359	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium necrophorum
ref_mOTU_v2_3309	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium perfoetens
meta_mOTU_v2_7372	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	unknown Fusobacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_3036	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Cetobacterium	Cetobacterium somerae
ref_mOTU_v2_2116	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Psychrilyobacter	Psychrilyobacter atlanticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4533	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Ilyobacter	Ilyobacter polytropus
ref_mOTU_v2_0500	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia wadei
ref_mOTU_v2_2031	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia shahii
ref_mOTU_v2_2032	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia trevisanii
ref_mOTU_v2_4412	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia buccalis
ref_mOTU_v2_1054	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia hofstadii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2620	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia sp. oral taxon 879
meta_mOTU_v2_5394	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia sp. oral taxon 847
meta_mOTU_v2_7120	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	unknown Leptotrichia
meta_mOTU_v2_5496	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	unknown Leptotrichia
ref_mOTU_v2_3041	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia sp. oral taxon 215
ref_mOTU_v2_1456	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	Leptotrichia goodfellowii
meta_mOTU_v2_6423	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Leptotrichia	unknown Leptotrichia
meta_mOTU_v2_5850	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Sneathia	Sneathia sanguinegens
meta_mOTU_v2_7647	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Sneathia	Sneathia amnii
ref_mOTU_v2_4396	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Streptobacillus	Streptobacillus moniliformis
ref_mOTU_v2_4434	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Leptotrichiaceae	Sebaldella	Sebaldella termitidis
ref_mOTU_v2_3586	Bacteria	Bacteria phylum incertae sedis	Bacteria class incertae sedis	Bacteria order incertae sedis	Bacteria fam. incertae sedis	Bacteria gen. incertae sedis	bacterium UASB270
ref_mOTU_v2_3831	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	candidatus Brocadiales	candidatus Brocadiaceae	candidatus Jettenia	candidatus Jettenia caeni
ref_mOTU_v2_3809	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	candidatus Brocadiales	candidatus Brocadiaceae	candidatus Scalindua	candidatus Scalindua brodae
ref_mOTU_v2_3157	Bacteria	candidate division Zixibacteria	candidate division Zixibacteria class incertae sedis	candidate division Zixibacteria order incertae sedis	candidate division Zixibacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidate division Zixibacteria gen. incertae sedis	candidate division Zixibacteria bacterium RBG-1
ref_mOTU_v2_0206	Bacteria	candidatus Cloacimonetes	candidatus Cloacimonetes class incertae sedes	candidatus Cloacimonetes order incertae sedes	candidatus Cloacimonetes fam. incertae sedes	candidatus Cloacimonetes gen. incertae sedes	Cloacimonetes bacterium JGI 0000039-G13
ref_mOTU_v2_0201	Bacteria	candidatus Cloacimonetes	candidatus Cloacimonetes class incertae sedes	candidatus Cloacimonetes order incertae sedes	candidatus Cloacimonetes fam. incertae sedes	candidatus Cloacimonetes gen. incertae sedes	Cloacimonetes bacterium SCGC AAA252-I11
ref_mOTU_v2_4701	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Desulfurobacteriales	Desulfurobacteriaceae	Thermovibrio	Thermovibrio ammonificans
ref_mOTU_v2_5042	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Desulfurobacteriales	Desulfurobacteriaceae	Desulfurobacterium	Desulfurobacterium thermolithotrophum
ref_mOTU_v2_2349	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Desulfurobacteriales	Desulfurobacteriaceae	Desulfurobacterium	Desulfurobacterium sp. TC5-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2186	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Hydrogenothermaceae	Sulfurihydrogenibium	Sulfurihydrogenibium subterraneum
ref_mOTU_v2_3760	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Hydrogenothermaceae	Sulfurihydrogenibium	Sulfurihydrogenibium azorense
ref_mOTU_v2_4241	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Hydrogenothermaceae	Sulfurihydrogenibium	Sulfurihydrogenibium sp. YO3AOP1
ref_mOTU_v2_2681	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Hydrogenothermaceae	Persephonella	Persephonella marina
ref_mOTU_v2_2351	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Hydrogenothermaceae	Persephonella	Persephonella sp. KM09-Lau-8
ref_mOTU_v2_2350	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Hydrogenothermaceae	Persephonella	Persephonella sp. IF05-L8
ref_mOTU_v2_3791	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Aquificaceae	Aquifex	Aquifex aeolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_1458	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Aquificaceae	Hydrogenobacter	Hydrogenobacter thermophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_5192	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Aquificaceae	Thermocrinis	Thermocrinis ruber
ref_mOTU_v2_3024	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Aquificaceae	Thermocrinis	Thermocrinis sp. GBS
ref_mOTU_v2_4661	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Aquificaceae	Thermocrinis	Thermocrinis albus
ref_mOTU_v2_1432	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Aquificaceae	Hydrogenobaculum	Hydrogenobaculum sp. HO
ref_mOTU_v2_4107	Bacteria	Aquificae	Aquificae	Aquificales	Aquificaceae	Hydrogenobaculum	Hydrogenobaculum sp. Y04AAS1
ref_mOTU_v2_4975	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales	Thermodesulfobacteriaceae	Thermodesulfobacterium	Thermodesulfobacterium geofontis
ref_mOTU_v2_3697	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales	Thermodesulfobacteriaceae	Thermodesulfobacterium	Thermodesulfobacterium hydrogeniphilum
ref_mOTU_v2_2197	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales	Thermodesulfobacteriaceae	Thermodesulfobacterium	Thermodesulfobacterium thermophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_2196	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales	Thermodesulfobacteriaceae	Thermodesulfobacterium	Thermodesulfobacterium hveragerdense
ref_mOTU_v2_1328	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales	Thermodesulfobacteriaceae	Thermodesulfobacterium	Thermodesulfobacterium commune
ref_mOTU_v2_2195	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales	Thermodesulfobacteriaceae	Thermodesulfatator	Thermodesulfatator atlanticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4745	Bacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteria	Thermodesulfobacteriales	Thermodesulfobacteriaceae	Thermodesulfatator	Thermodesulfatator indicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfurellales	Desulfurellaceae	Hippea	Hippea maritima
ref_mOTU_v2_5242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfurellales	Desulfurellaceae	Hippea	Hippea sp. KM1
ref_mOTU_v2_5241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfurellales	Desulfurellaceae	Hippea	Hippea alviniae
ref_mOTU_v2_5240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfurellales	Desulfurellaceae	Hippea	Hippea jasoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_4822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfurellales	Desulfurellaceae	Desulfurella	Desulfurella acetivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4410	Bacteria	Deferribacteres	Deferribacteres	Deferribacterales	Deferribacteraceae	Denitrovibrio	Denitrovibrio acetiphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3007	Bacteria	Deferribacteres	Deferribacteres	Deferribacterales	Deferribacteraceae	Geovibrio	Geovibrio sp. L21-Ace-BES
ref_mOTU_v2_4663	Bacteria	Deferribacteres	Deferribacteres	Deferribacterales	Deferribacteraceae	Deferribacter	Deferribacter desulfuricans
ref_mOTU_v2_4965	Bacteria	Deferribacteres	Deferribacteres	Deferribacterales	Deferribacteraceae	Calditerrivibrio	Calditerrivibrio nitroreducens
ref_mOTU_v2_4867	Bacteria	Deferribacteres	Deferribacteres	Deferribacterales	Deferribacteraceae	Flexistipes	Flexistipes sinusarabici
ref_mOTU_v2_3159	Bacteria	Deferribacteres	Deferribacteres	Deferribacterales	Deferribacteraceae	Mucispirillum	Mucispirillum schaedleri
meta_mOTU_v2_7243	Bacteria	candidatus Tectomicrobia	unknown candidatus Tectomicrobia	unknown candidatus Tectomicrobia	unknown candidatus Tectomicrobia	unknown candidatus Tectomicrobia	unknown candidatus Tectomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6540	Bacteria	candidatus Tectomicrobia	unknown candidatus Tectomicrobia	unknown candidatus Tectomicrobia	unknown candidatus Tectomicrobia	unknown candidatus Tectomicrobia	unknown candidatus Tectomicrobia
ref_mOTU_v2_3489	Bacteria	Nitrospirae	Nitrospira	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	candidatus Magnetobacterium	candidatus Magnetobacterium casensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0538	Bacteria	Nitrospirae	Nitrospira	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Thermodesulfovibrio	Thermodesulfovibrio sp. [C islandicus/yellowstonii]
ref_mOTU_v2_2198	Bacteria	Nitrospirae	Nitrospira	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Thermodesulfovibrio	Thermodesulfovibrio thiophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2674	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Thermotogaceae	Thermotoga	Thermotoga sp. Mc24
ref_mOTU_v2_0658	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Thermotogaceae	Thermotoga	Thermotoga sp. [C naphthophila/petrophila]
ref_mOTU_v2_0657	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Thermotogaceae	Thermotoga	Thermotoga maritima [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1000	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Thermotogaceae	Thermotoga	Thermotoga neapolitana
ref_mOTU_v2_4800	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Thermotogaceae	Pseudothermotoga	Pseudothermotoga thermarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0842	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Thermotogaceae	Pseudothermotoga	Pseudothermotoga sp. [C elfii/lettingae]
ref_mOTU_v2_0539	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Thermotogaceae	Pseudothermotoga	Pseudothermotoga hypogea
ref_mOTU_v2_4133	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Fervidobacteriaceae	Thermosipho	Thermosipho melanesiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0688	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Fervidobacteriaceae	Thermosipho	Thermosipho africanus
ref_mOTU_v2_4972	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Fervidobacteriaceae	Fervidobacterium	Fervidobacterium pennivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3815	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Fervidobacteriaceae	Fervidobacterium	Fervidobacterium islandicum
ref_mOTU_v2_4108	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Thermotogales	Fervidobacteriaceae	Fervidobacterium	Fervidobacterium nodosum
ref_mOTU_v2_4192	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Petrotogales	Petrotogaceae	Petrotoga	Petrotoga mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_4259	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Petrotogales	Petrotogaceae	Marinitoga	Marinitoga piezophila
ref_mOTU_v2_0905	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Kosmotogales	Kosmotogaceae	Mesotoga	Mesotoga sp. [C infera/prima]
ref_mOTU_v2_4403	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Kosmotogales	Kosmotogaceae	Kosmotoga	Kosmotoga olearia
ref_mOTU_v2_2316	Bacteria	Thermotogae	Thermotogae	Mesoaciditogales	Mesoaciditogaceae	Mesoaciditoga	Mesoaciditoga lauensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0204	Bacteria	candidatus Atribacteria	candidatus Atribacteria class incertae sedis	candidatus Atribacteria order incertae sedis	candidatus Atribacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Atribacteria gen. incertae sedis	Atribacteria bacterium SCGC AAA252-M02
meta_mOTU_v2_6104	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_0232	Bacteria	candidatus Calescamantes	candidatus Calescamantes class incertae sedis	candidatus Calescamantes order incertae sedis	candidatus Calescamantes fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Calescamantes gen. incertae sedis	Calescamantes bacterium SCGC AAA471-M6
ref_mOTU_v2_4381	Bacteria	Caldiserica	Caldisericia	Caldisericales	Caldisericaceae	Caldisericum	Caldisericum exile
ref_mOTU_v2_2797	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermodesulfobiaceae	Coprothermobacter	Coprothermobacter platensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3926	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermodesulfobiaceae	Coprothermobacter	Coprothermobacter proteolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4908	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Thermoanaerobacterales	Thermodesulfobiaceae	Thermodesulfobium	Thermodesulfobium narugense
meta_mOTU_v2_5898	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_1659	Bacteria	candidatus Microgenomates	candidatus Microgenomates class incertae sedis	candidatus Microgenomates order incertae sedis	candidatus Microgenomates fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Microgenomatus	candidatus Microgenomatus auricola
ref_mOTU_v2_4390	Bacteria	Dictyoglomi	Dictyoglomia	Dictyoglomales	Dictyoglomaceae	Dictyoglomus	Dictyoglomus turgidum
ref_mOTU_v2_3927	Bacteria	Dictyoglomi	Dictyoglomia	Dictyoglomales	Dictyoglomaceae	Dictyoglomus	Dictyoglomus thermophilum
meta_mOTU_v2_7713	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
ref_mOTU_v2_3259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
ref_mOTU_v2_4246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter sp. HTCC7211
ref_mOTU_v2_3260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
ref_mOTU_v2_2817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_7350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
ref_mOTU_v2_4300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_7662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_7259	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
ref_mOTU_v2_1759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_7597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
ref_mOTU_v2_0410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_6401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
ref_mOTU_v2_5006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	Pelagibacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium HIMB5
meta_mOTU_v2_6339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_5789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6705	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5689	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5623	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_6359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_6608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6103	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_5970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6845	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7681	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_6347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_5834	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_5467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_6328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_6858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_6613	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_6467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
ref_mOTU_v2_2309	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter ubique
meta_mOTU_v2_7057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6235	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6454	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
ref_mOTU_v2_5225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	Pelagibacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium SCGC AAA240-E13
ref_mOTU_v2_5226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	Pelagibacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium SCGC AAA288-G21
ref_mOTU_v2_5227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	Pelagibacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium SCGC AAA288-N07
meta_mOTU_v2_6204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	unknown candidatus Pelagibacter
ref_mOTU_v2_5219	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium SCGC AAA027-C06
ref_mOTU_v2_5220	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium SCGC AAA280-P20
ref_mOTU_v2_1552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	candidatus Pelagibacter	candidatus Pelagibacter sp. IMCC9063
meta_mOTU_v2_6199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	alpha proteobacterium HIMB114
meta_mOTU_v2_7254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	alpha proteobacterium HIMB114
ref_mOTU_v2_4793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	Pelagibacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium HIMB114
meta_mOTU_v2_5812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	alpha proteobacterium HIMB114
meta_mOTU_v2_7000	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	alpha proteobacterium HIMB59
meta_mOTU_v2_6434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	alpha proteobacterium HIMB59
meta_mOTU_v2_7559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	alpha proteobacterium HIMB59
ref_mOTU_v2_4899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	Pelagibacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium HIMB59
meta_mOTU_v2_7783	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	alpha proteobacterium HIMB59
meta_mOTU_v2_5615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	alpha proteobacterium HIMB59
meta_mOTU_v2_5664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	alpha proteobacterium HIMB59
meta_mOTU_v2_5476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5925	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5640	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7237	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5407	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5610	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	unknown Rhizobiales	unknown Rhizobiales	unknown Rhizobiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	unknown Rhizobiales	unknown Rhizobiales	unknown Rhizobiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6869	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_1964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales fam. incertae sedis	Elioraea	Elioraea tepidiphila
ref_mOTU_v2_1635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter tropicalis
ref_mOTU_v2_3718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter malorum
ref_mOTU_v2_2722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter persici
ref_mOTU_v2_0080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter pasteurianus
ref_mOTU_v2_5233	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter pasteurianus
ref_mOTU_v2_1472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter pomorum
ref_mOTU_v2_3493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter aceti
ref_mOTU_v2_2699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter papayae
ref_mOTU_v2_2720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter okinawensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter aceti
ref_mOTU_v2_1833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter nitrogenifigens
ref_mOTU_v2_1538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Komagataeibacter	Komagataeibacter europaeus
ref_mOTU_v2_5234	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Komagataeibacter	Komagataeibacter oboediens
ref_mOTU_v2_2962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Komagataeibacter	Komagataeibacter xylinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Komagataeibacter	Komagataeibacter medellinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacteraceae gen. [C Gluconacetobacter/Komagataeibacter]	Acetobacteraceae sp. [C Gluconacetobacter sp. SXCC-1/Komagataeibacter rhaeticus]
ref_mOTU_v2_4861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Komagataeibacter	Komagataeibacter hansenii
ref_mOTU_v2_1317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Gluconacetobacter	Gluconacetobacter diazotrophicus
ref_mOTU_v2_3641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Kozakia	Kozakia baliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Asaia	Asaia astilbis
ref_mOTU_v2_2721	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Asaia	Asaia prunellae
ref_mOTU_v2_2729	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Asaia	Asaia platycodi
ref_mOTU_v2_1112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Asaia	Asaia platycodi
ref_mOTU_v2_1724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Gluconobacter	Gluconobacter morbifer
ref_mOTU_v2_0374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Gluconobacter	Gluconobacter frateurii
ref_mOTU_v2_0569	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Gluconobacter	Gluconobacter sp. [C oxydans/thailandicus]
ref_mOTU_v2_1175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Gluconobacter	Gluconobacter oxydans
ref_mOTU_v2_2136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Saccharibacter	Saccharibacter floricola
ref_mOTU_v2_3099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Saccharibacter	Saccharibacter sp. AM169
ref_mOTU_v2_1723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Commensalibacter	Commensalibacter intestini
ref_mOTU_v2_2538	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Commensalibacter	Commensalibacter sp. MX01
ref_mOTU_v2_0230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Granulibacter	Granulibacter bethesdensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium	Acidiphilium sp. [C cryptum/multivorum]
ref_mOTU_v2_3298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidiphilium	Acidiphilium angustum
ref_mOTU_v2_3299	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acidocella	Acidocella facilis
ref_mOTU_v2_0831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas	Roseomonas sp. B5
ref_mOTU_v2_3071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas	Roseomonas gilardii
ref_mOTU_v2_2127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Roseomonas	Roseomonas aerilata
ref_mOTU_v2_1672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	Acetobacteraceae bacterium AT-5844
ref_mOTU_v2_1888	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Belnapia	Belnapia moabensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Rubritepida	Rubritepida flocculans
ref_mOTU_v2_2513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales fam. incertae sedis	Reyranella	Reyranella massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales fam. incertae sedis	Rhodospirillales gen. incertae sedis	Rhodospirillales bacterium URHD0088
ref_mOTU_v2_4218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillum	Rhodospirillum centenum
ref_mOTU_v2_1880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Niveispirillum	Niveispirillum irakense
ref_mOTU_v2_3199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Skermanella	Skermanella stibiiresistens
ref_mOTU_v2_0253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	Azospirillum brasilense
ref_mOTU_v2_5017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	Azospirillum lipoferum
ref_mOTU_v2_3151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	Azospirillum lipoferum
ref_mOTU_v2_1879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	Azospirillum halopraeferens
ref_mOTU_v2_1781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Tistrella	Tistrella mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_1735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Geminicoccus	Geminicoccus roseus
meta_mOTU_v2_6296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales
ref_mOTU_v2_4351	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Puniceispirillum	candidatus Puniceispirillum marinum
meta_mOTU_v2_5370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	candidatus Puniceispirillum	candidatus Puniceispirillum marinum
meta_mOTU_v2_6114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_5137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	SAR116 cluster alpha proteobacterium HIMB100
meta_mOTU_v2_5882	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	unknown Rhodospirillaceae	unknown Rhodospirillaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales
ref_mOTU_v2_2192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Thalassobaculum	Thalassobaculum salexigens
ref_mOTU_v2_3264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	candidatus Endolissoclinum	candidatus Endolissoclinum faulkneri
ref_mOTU_v2_2464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	candidatus Endolissoclinum	candidatus Endolissoclinum faulkneri
ref_mOTU_v2_4024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium BAL199
ref_mOTU_v2_2534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Oceanibaculum	Oceanibaculum indicum
ref_mOTU_v2_2017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kiloniellales	Kiloniellaceae	Kiloniella	Kiloniella laminariae
ref_mOTU_v2_4525	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Fodinicurvata	Fodinicurvata sediminis
ref_mOTU_v2_4526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Fodinicurvata	Fodinicurvata fenggangensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1736	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodovibrio	Rhodovibrio salinarum
meta_mOTU_v2_6343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales
meta_mOTU_v2_6669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	Acetobacter sp. CAG:977
meta_mOTU_v2_6709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	unknown Rhodospirillaceae	unknown Rhodospirillaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_0158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Rhodospirillum	Rhodospirillum rubrum
ref_mOTU_v2_2315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Pararhodospirillum	Pararhodospirillum photometricum
ref_mOTU_v2_2875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Novispirillum	Novispirillum itersonii
ref_mOTU_v2_2743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Caenispirillum	Caenispirillum salinarum
ref_mOTU_v2_4041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Magnetospirillum	Magnetospirillum magneticum
ref_mOTU_v2_2762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Magnetospirillum	Magnetospirillum caucaseum
ref_mOTU_v2_3030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Phaeospirillum	Phaeospirillum fulvum
ref_mOTU_v2_2320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Phaeospirillum	Phaeospirillum molischianum
ref_mOTU_v2_3399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Magnetospirillum	Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense
ref_mOTU_v2_2414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Thalassospira	Thalassospira profundimaris
meta_mOTU_v2_7232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Thalassospira	unknown Thalassospira
meta_mOTU_v2_6854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Thalassospira	unknown Thalassospira
ref_mOTU_v2_3637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Thalassospira	Thalassospira australica
ref_mOTU_v2_2193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Thalassospira	Thalassospira lucentensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Thalassospira	Thalassospira sp. [C permensis/xiamenensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudodonghicola	Pseudodonghicola xiamenensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sedimentitalea	Sedimentitalea nanhaiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1391	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Leisingera	Leisingera daeponensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5299	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Leisingera	Leisingera caerulea
ref_mOTU_v2_1550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Leisingera	Leisingera sp. ANG1
ref_mOTU_v2_5302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Leisingera	Leisingera aquimarina
ref_mOTU_v2_5301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Leisingera	Leisingera methylohalidivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter	Roseobacter sp. SK209-2-6
ref_mOTU_v2_3950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter	Roseobacter sp. MED193
ref_mOTU_v2_5300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudophaeobacter	Pseudophaeobacter arcticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Phaeobacter	Phaeobacter sp. [C gallaeciensis/inhibens]
ref_mOTU_v2_3376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Phaeobacter	Phaeobacter gallaeciensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ruegeria	Ruegeria sp. R11
ref_mOTU_v2_3904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ruegeria	Ruegeria sp. TM1040
ref_mOTU_v2_4682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ruegeria	Silicibacter sp. TrichCH4B
ref_mOTU_v2_5272	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ruegeria	Ruegeria halocynthiae
ref_mOTU_v2_4302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	Rhodobacteraceae bacterium KLH11
ref_mOTU_v2_5267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ruegeria	Ruegeria conchae
ref_mOTU_v2_4683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ruegeria	Ruegeria lacuscaerulensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ruegeria	Ruegeria pomeroyi
ref_mOTU_v2_3132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thioclava	Thioclava pacifica
ref_mOTU_v2_3033	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thioclava	Thioclava atlantica
ref_mOTU_v2_3128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thioclava	Thioclava indica
ref_mOTU_v2_2440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thioclava	Thioclava dalianensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacter	Rhodobacter capsulatus
ref_mOTU_v2_1776	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paenirhodobacter	Paenirhodobacter enshiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3684	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus sp. PAMC 22219
ref_mOTU_v2_2829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus zeaxanthinifaciens
meta_mOTU_v2_7354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	unknown Paracoccus
ref_mOTU_v2_3987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_4039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus versutus
ref_mOTU_v2_1534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus pantotrophus
ref_mOTU_v2_1536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus sp. [C J39/J55]
ref_mOTU_v2_4214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus sp. TRP
ref_mOTU_v2_1765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus sp. N5
ref_mOTU_v2_3434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus yeei
ref_mOTU_v2_4100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus halophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus aminophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_1268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus sanguinis
ref_mOTU_v2_4804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Paracoccus	Paracoccus sphaerophysae
ref_mOTU_v2_3742	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Haematobacter	Haematobacter massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Haematobacter	Haematobacter missouriensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacter	Rhodobacter sphaeroides [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacter	Rhodobacter sphaeroides
ref_mOTU_v2_2115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudorhodobacter	Pseudorhodobacter ferrugineus
ref_mOTU_v2_4090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacter	Rhodobacter sp. SW2
ref_mOTU_v2_3545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Falsirhodobacter	Falsirhodobacter sp. alg1
ref_mOTU_v2_1898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Gemmobacter	Gemmobacter nectariphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacter	Rhodobacter sp. CACIA14H1
ref_mOTU_v2_3371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Defluviimonas	Defluviimonas sp. 20V17
ref_mOTU_v2_2452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodovulum	Rhodovulum sulfidophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_3537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodovulum	Rhodovulum sp. NI22
ref_mOTU_v2_3505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Actibacterium	Actibacterium atlanticum
ref_mOTU_v2_2679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Oceaniovalibus	Oceaniovalibus guishaninsula
ref_mOTU_v2_3638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Maribius	Maribius sp. MOLA 401
ref_mOTU_v2_0501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Loktanella	Loktanella hongkongensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Loktanella	Loktanella cinnabarina
ref_mOTU_v2_1500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ketogulonicigenium	Ketogulonicigenium vulgare
ref_mOTU_v2_4254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rubellimicrobium	Rubellimicrobium mesophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_2129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rubellimicrobium	Rubellimicrobium thermophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_3136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius	Roseovarius sp. MCTG156(2b)
ref_mOTU_v2_3951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius	Roseovarius sp. 217
ref_mOTU_v2_4147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius	Roseovarius sp. TM1035
ref_mOTU_v2_2937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius	Roseovarius mucosus
ref_mOTU_v2_5120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseovarius	Roseovarius nubinhibens
ref_mOTU_v2_4060	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter	Roseobacter sp. AzwK-3b
ref_mOTU_v2_2147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sediminimonas	Sediminimonas qiaohouensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseivivax	Roseivivax halodurans
ref_mOTU_v2_3031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseivivax	Roseivivax atlanticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseivivax	Roseivivax isoporae
ref_mOTU_v2_3952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pelagibaca	Pelagibaca bermudensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Citreicella	Citreicella sp. SE45
ref_mOTU_v2_4959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Citreicella	Citreicella sp. 357
ref_mOTU_v2_2143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Salipiger	Salipiger mucosus
ref_mOTU_v2_4127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sagittula	Sagittula stellata
ref_mOTU_v2_2215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Wenxinia	Wenxinia marina
ref_mOTU_v2_3948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Oceanicola	Oceanicola granulosus
ref_mOTU_v2_2957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseibacterium	Roseibacterium elongatum
ref_mOTU_v2_3900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Jannaschia	Jannaschia sp. CCS1
ref_mOTU_v2_3837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudooceanicola	Pseudooceanicola batsensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudooceanicola	Pseudooceanicola atlanticus
ref_mOTU_v2_2079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudooceanicola	Pseudooceanicola nanhaiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Oceanicola	Oceanicola sp. HL-35
ref_mOTU_v2_4139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter	Roseobacter sp. CCS2
ref_mOTU_v2_2036	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Loktanella	Loktanella vestfoldensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3946	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Loktanella	Loktanella vestfoldensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter	Octadecabacter antarcticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Octadecabacter	Octadecabacter arcticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thalassobium	Thalassobium sp. R2A62
ref_mOTU_v2_4137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter	Roseobacter sp. GAI101
ref_mOTU_v2_1141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter	Sulfitobacter pontiacus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Oceanibulbus	Oceanibulbus indolifex
ref_mOTU_v2_3095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter	Sulfitobacter noctilucae
ref_mOTU_v2_3094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter	Sulfitobacter noctilucicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter	Sulfitobacter geojensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter	Sulfitobacter mediterraneus
ref_mOTU_v2_3420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter	Sulfitobacter mediterraneus
ref_mOTU_v2_4140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter	Roseobacter litoralis
ref_mOTU_v2_4097	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseobacter	Roseobacter denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_1022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter	Sulfitobacter donghicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter	Sulfitobacter guttiformis
ref_mOTU_v2_3954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	Rhodobacteraceae bacterium HTCC2083
ref_mOTU_v2_3266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter	Sulfitobacter pseudonitzschiae
ref_mOTU_v2_3168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Sulfitobacter	Sulfitobacter sp. 20_GPM-1509m
ref_mOTU_v2_2536	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Celeribacter	Celeribacter baekdonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4179	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Dinoroseobacter	Dinoroseobacter shibae
ref_mOTU_v2_0857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Thalassobacter	Thalassobacter stenotrophicus
ref_mOTU_v2_3361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Oceanicola	Oceanicola sp. MCTG156(1a)
ref_mOTU_v2_3488	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Actibacterium	Actibacterium mucosum
ref_mOTU_v2_3955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Maritimibacter	Maritimibacter alkaliphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Litoreibacter	Litoreibacter arenae
meta_mOTU_v2_6397	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5504	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5977	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	Rhodobacteraceae bacterium HIMB11
meta_mOTU_v2_7486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae bacterium SB2
meta_mOTU_v2_7558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina	Planktomarina temperata
meta_mOTU_v2_7213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Planktomarina	Planktomarina temperata
ref_mOTU_v2_4128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodobacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	Rhodobacteraceae bacterium HTCC2150
meta_mOTU_v2_5553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	unknown Rhodobacterales	unknown Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacterales bacterium HTCC2255
ref_mOTU_v2_4084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodospirillales fam. incertae sedis	Rhodospirillales gen. incertae sedis	Rhodobacterales bacterium HTCC2255
meta_mOTU_v2_6016	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	unknown Rhodobacterales	unknown Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacterales bacterium HTCC2255
meta_mOTU_v2_6268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae	unknown Rhodobacteraceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Meganema	Meganema perideroedes
ref_mOTU_v2_3573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Thermopetrobacter	Thermopetrobacter sp. TC1
ref_mOTU_v2_1639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ensifer	Ensifer sp. WSM1721
ref_mOTU_v2_3130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ensifer	Ensifer sp. TW10
ref_mOTU_v2_4158	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Sinorhizobium	Sinorhizobium fredii
ref_mOTU_v2_0427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Sinorhizobium	Sinorhizobium fredii
ref_mOTU_v2_4974	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Sinorhizobium	Sinorhizobium sp. CCBAU 05631
ref_mOTU_v2_3279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Sinorhizobium	Sinorhizobium americanum
ref_mOTU_v2_1680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ensifer	Ensifer sp. BR816
ref_mOTU_v2_2438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Sinorhizobium	Sinorhizobium fredii
ref_mOTU_v2_4865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ensifer	Ensifer sojae
ref_mOTU_v2_0176	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Sinorhizobium	Sinorhizobium medicae
ref_mOTU_v2_0177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae gen. [C Ensifer/Sinorhizobium]	Rhizobiaceae gen. [C Ensifer sp./Sinorhizobium meliloti]
ref_mOTU_v2_5198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Sinorhizobium	Sinorhizobium arboris
ref_mOTU_v2_3368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ensifer	Ensifer adhaerens
ref_mOTU_v2_1682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Ensifer	Ensifer adhaerens
ref_mOTU_v2_1636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium giardinii
ref_mOTU_v2_3589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. CF097
ref_mOTU_v2_1256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. [C CF258/YR295]
ref_mOTU_v2_3325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Shinella	Shinella sp. DD12
ref_mOTU_v2_1638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium leucaenae
ref_mOTU_v2_0603	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobiaceae gen. [C Agrobacterium/Rhizobium]	Rhizobiaceae gen. [C Agrobacterium tumefaciens/Agrobacterium rhizogenes/Rhizobium sp.]
ref_mOTU_v2_3591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. OK494
ref_mOTU_v2_4073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium rhizogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium freirei
ref_mOTU_v2_4829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium tropici
ref_mOTU_v2_0137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium leguminosarum
ref_mOTU_v2_1637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sullae
ref_mOTU_v2_0174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium leguminosarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0175	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium leguminosarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium leguminosarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. [C gallicum/leguminosarum]
ref_mOTU_v2_2266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. CCGE 510
ref_mOTU_v2_1366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium leguminosarum
ref_mOTU_v2_3400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium etli
ref_mOTU_v2_1144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. [C etli/leguminosarum]
ref_mOTU_v2_1060	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium etli
ref_mOTU_v2_4356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium alamii
ref_mOTU_v2_2300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. CF142
ref_mOTU_v2_3588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. YR519
ref_mOTU_v2_2767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. 2MFCol3.1
ref_mOTU_v2_4116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium leguminosarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium mesoamericanum
ref_mOTU_v2_0180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. [C 42MFCr.1/IBUN]
ref_mOTU_v2_3590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. CF394
ref_mOTU_v2_5280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium grahamii
ref_mOTU_v2_2298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. CF122
ref_mOTU_v2_1241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium favelukesii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium mongolense
ref_mOTU_v2_0122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Neorhizobium	Neorhizobium galegae
ref_mOTU_v2_4807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium vignae
ref_mOTU_v2_2297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. CF080
ref_mOTU_v2_3640	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. YS-1r
ref_mOTU_v2_1248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium sp. [C MGL06/R1-200B4]
ref_mOTU_v2_0383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium tumefaciens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium tumefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_1669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium tumefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_1286	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium fabrum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium tumefaciens [C Bradyrhizobium lupini]
ref_mOTU_v2_2905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium tumefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_0313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium tumefaciens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium rubi
ref_mOTU_v2_3082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium larrymoorei
ref_mOTU_v2_3075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium selenitireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_2333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium albertimagni
ref_mOTU_v2_3149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Rhizobium	Rhizobium undicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Agrobacterium	Agrobacterium vitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	candidatus Liberibacter	candidatus Liberibacter americanus
ref_mOTU_v2_0716	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	candidatus Liberibacter	candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	candidatus Liberibacter	candidatus Liberibacter solanacearum
ref_mOTU_v2_2568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	candidatus Liberibacter	Liberibacter crescens
ref_mOTU_v2_4798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Aurantimonadaceae	Martelella	Martelella sp. AD-3
ref_mOTU_v2_2049	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Aurantimonadaceae	Martelella	Martelella mediterranea
ref_mOTU_v2_3669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Hoeflea	Hoeflea sp. BAL378
ref_mOTU_v2_4213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Hoeflea	Hoeflea phototrophica
meta_mOTU_v2_6181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	unknown Rhizobiales	unknown Rhizobiales	unknown Rhizobiales
ref_mOTU_v2_1633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3626
ref_mOTU_v2_0997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium australicum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium erdmanii
ref_mOTU_v2_1315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. [C huakuii/loti]
ref_mOTU_v2_1630	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium loti
ref_mOTU_v2_5197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium loti
ref_mOTU_v2_3162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. URHC0008
ref_mOTU_v2_0998	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium opportunistum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0169	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium ciceri [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2930	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. L2C084A000
ref_mOTU_v2_2931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. LNHC252B00
ref_mOTU_v2_2972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. URHA0056
ref_mOTU_v2_0170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. [C L48C026A00/WSM2561]
ref_mOTU_v2_4789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium ciceri
ref_mOTU_v2_2933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. LSJC280B00
ref_mOTU_v2_2932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. LSHC420B00
ref_mOTU_v2_2964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium metallidurans
ref_mOTU_v2_2965	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. STM 4661
ref_mOTU_v2_1718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium amorphae
ref_mOTU_v2_0996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. [C LNJC372A00/LNJC380A00/LNJC384A00/LNJC391B00/LNJC394B00/LNJC395A00/LNJC398B00/LNJC399B00/LNJC403B00/LNJC405B00/LSHC412B00/LSHC414A00/LSHC416B00/LSHC422A00/LSHC424B00/LSHC426A00/LSHC432A00/LSJC264A00/LSJC265A00/LSJC268A00/LSJC269B00/LSJC277A00/LSJC285A00/L2C054A000/L2C066B000/L2C067A000/L2C085B000/L2C089B000/L103C105A0/L103C119B0/L103C120A0/L103C131B0/L103C565B0/URHB0007]
ref_mOTU_v2_1632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. WSM3224
ref_mOTU_v2_4811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Aquamicrobium	Aquamicrobium defluvii
ref_mOTU_v2_1052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Mesorhizobium	Mesorhizobium sp. NBIMC_P2-C3
ref_mOTU_v2_1810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Hoeflea	Hoeflea sp. 108
ref_mOTU_v2_2460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Pseudaminobacter	Pseudaminobacter salicylatoxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_5196	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Aminobacter	Aminobacter sp. J41
ref_mOTU_v2_3182	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Aliihoeflea	Aliihoeflea sp. 2WW
ref_mOTU_v2_2673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Nitratireductor	Nitratireductor indicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Nitratireductor	Nitratireductor pacificus
ref_mOTU_v2_0737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Nitratireductor	Nitratireductor aquibiodomus
ref_mOTU_v2_4322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Nitratireductor	Nitratireductor basaltis
ref_mOTU_v2_3855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Chelativorans	Chelativorans sp. BNC1
ref_mOTU_v2_5202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Chelativorans	Chelativorans sp. J32
ref_mOTU_v2_5180	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella senegalensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella koehlerae
ref_mOTU_v2_0583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella henselae
ref_mOTU_v2_0582	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella quintana
ref_mOTU_v2_0340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella vinsonii
ref_mOTU_v2_0347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella vinsonii
ref_mOTU_v2_1742	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella alsatica
ref_mOTU_v2_1744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella sp. DB5-6
ref_mOTU_v2_1743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella taylorii
ref_mOTU_v2_0342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella birtlesii
ref_mOTU_v2_5172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella florencae
ref_mOTU_v2_0345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella rattimassiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella grahamii
ref_mOTU_v2_0344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella elizabethae
ref_mOTU_v2_1361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella tribocorum
ref_mOTU_v2_2514	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella rattaustraliani
ref_mOTU_v2_0343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella doshiae
ref_mOTU_v2_0348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella washoensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella australis
ref_mOTU_v2_0785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella bacilliformis
ref_mOTU_v2_0337	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella bovis
ref_mOTU_v2_0338	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella schoenbuchensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella melophagi
ref_mOTU_v2_1148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella clarridgeiae
ref_mOTU_v2_4796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella rochalimae
ref_mOTU_v2_0346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bartonellaceae	Bartonella	Bartonella tamiae
ref_mOTU_v2_3408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Brucellaceae	Ochrobactrum	Ochrobactrum rhizosphaerae
ref_mOTU_v2_4075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Brucellaceae	Ochrobactrum	Ochrobactrum sp. CDB2
ref_mOTU_v2_0639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Brucellaceae	Ochrobactrum	Ochrobactrum anthropi [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Brucellaceae	Ochrobactrum	Ochrobactrum intermedium [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Brucellaceae	Brucella	Brucella sp. [C abortus/canis/ceti/inopinata/melitensis/microti/neotomae/ovis/pinnipedialis/suis]
ref_mOTU_v2_2307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Phyllobacterium	Phyllobacterium sp. YR531
ref_mOTU_v2_3445	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Phyllobacteriaceae	Phyllobacterium	Phyllobacterium sp. UNC302MFCol5.2
ref_mOTU_v2_4897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ahrensia	Ahrensia sp. R2A130
ref_mOTU_v2_3170	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Ahrensia	Ahrensia sp. 13_GOM-1096m
ref_mOTU_v2_0451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Aurantimonadaceae	Aurantimonas	Aurantimonas sp. [C coralicida/manganoxydans]
ref_mOTU_v2_1878	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Aurantimonadaceae	Aureimonas	Aureimonas ureilytica
ref_mOTU_v2_3945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Aurantimonadaceae	Fulvimarina	Fulvimarina pelagi
ref_mOTU_v2_1108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Devosia	Devosia sp. [C 17-2-E-8/DBB001]
ref_mOTU_v2_3598	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Devosia	Devosia sp. LC5
ref_mOTU_v2_4305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Devosia	Devosia riboflavina
ref_mOTU_v2_1717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Pelagibacterium	Pelagibacterium halotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_2048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Maritalea	Maritalea myrionectae
ref_mOTU_v2_1390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pseudovibrio	Pseudovibrio sp. [C FO-BEG1/JE062]
ref_mOTU_v2_4119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Labrenzia	Labrenzia aggregata
ref_mOTU_v2_1131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Labrenzia	Labrenzia sp. C1B10
ref_mOTU_v2_3824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Labrenzia	Labrenzia alexandrii
ref_mOTU_v2_4782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Labrenzia	Labrenzia sp. DG1229
ref_mOTU_v2_4898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Roseibium	Roseibium sp. TrichSKD4
ref_mOTU_v2_5284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Polymorphum	Polymorphum gilvum
ref_mOTU_v2_2089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Pannonibacter	Pannonibacter phragmitetus
ref_mOTU_v2_2015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiaceae	Kaistia	Kaistia granuli
ref_mOTU_v2_2096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Pleomorphomonas	Pleomorphomonas koreensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2097	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Pleomorphomonas	Pleomorphomonas oryzae
ref_mOTU_v2_1849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhodobiaceae	Afifella	Afifella pfennigii
ref_mOTU_v2_1864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhodobiaceae	Amorphus	Amorphus coralli
ref_mOTU_v2_1634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. ARR65
ref_mOTU_v2_2271	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. Tv2a-2
ref_mOTU_v2_0159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium japonicum
ref_mOTU_v2_1627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. WSM2793
ref_mOTU_v2_4031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. S23321
ref_mOTU_v2_1431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium genosp. SA-4
ref_mOTU_v2_1626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium japonicum
ref_mOTU_v2_1628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. WSM3983
ref_mOTU_v2_0171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. [C WSM471/WSM1253/WSM1417/WSM4349]
ref_mOTU_v2_0163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. [C diazoefficiens/japonicum]
ref_mOTU_v2_1025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium japonicum
ref_mOTU_v2_2239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. DOA9
ref_mOTU_v2_3988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. WSM1743
ref_mOTU_v2_3002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium japonicum
ref_mOTU_v2_3733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. Ec3.3
ref_mOTU_v2_4260	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. Cp5.3
ref_mOTU_v2_3893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. BTAi1
ref_mOTU_v2_2763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium oligotrophicum
ref_mOTU_v2_2310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. ORS 278
ref_mOTU_v2_0306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium elkanii
ref_mOTU_v2_2670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. DFCI-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. OHSU_III
ref_mOTU_v2_3711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. th.b2
ref_mOTU_v2_1625	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium elkanii
ref_mOTU_v2_3749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. Ai1a-2
ref_mOTU_v2_2981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. URHA0002
ref_mOTU_v2_1624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium elkanii
ref_mOTU_v2_3165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bradyrhizobium	Bradyrhizobium sp. URHD0069
ref_mOTU_v2_4003	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Nitrobacter	Nitrobacter winogradskyi
ref_mOTU_v2_4002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Nitrobacter	Nitrobacter hamburgensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Rhodopseudomonas	Rhodopseudomonas palustris
ref_mOTU_v2_4712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Rhodopseudomonas	Rhodopseudomonas palustris
ref_mOTU_v2_3972	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Rhodopseudomonas	Rhodopseudomonas palustris
ref_mOTU_v2_3971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Rhodopseudomonas	Rhodopseudomonas palustris
ref_mOTU_v2_3374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Rhodopseudomonas	Rhodopseudomonas palustris
ref_mOTU_v2_3969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Rhodopseudomonas	Rhodopseudomonas palustris
ref_mOTU_v2_3970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Rhodopseudomonas	Rhodopseudomonas palustris
ref_mOTU_v2_0128	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Oligotropha	Oligotropha carboxidovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_5087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Afipia	Afipia felis
ref_mOTU_v2_4742	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Afipia	Afipia sp. 1NLS2
ref_mOTU_v2_2484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Afipia	Afipia birgiae
ref_mOTU_v2_1010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Afipia	Afipia sp. OHSU_I-C4
ref_mOTU_v2_1051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Afipia	Afipia broomeae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Afipia	Afipia clevelandensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Afipia	Afipia sp. P52-10
ref_mOTU_v2_2443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Rhodobacteraceae	Rhodovulum	Rhodovulum sp. PH10
ref_mOTU_v2_4973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacter	Xanthobacter autotrophicus
ref_mOTU_v2_0419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacter	Xanthobacter sp. [C 91/126]
ref_mOTU_v2_1623	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Azorhizobium	Azorhizobium doebereinerae
ref_mOTU_v2_4243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Azorhizobium	Azorhizobium caulinodans
ref_mOTU_v2_2238	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bosea	Bosea sp. 117
ref_mOTU_v2_4664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Starkeya	Starkeya novella
ref_mOTU_v2_0390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Xanthobacteraceae	Xanthobacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	Xanthobacteraceae bacterium 501b
ref_mOTU_v2_4700	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium sp. MB200
ref_mOTU_v2_4249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium populi
ref_mOTU_v2_1319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium extorquens
ref_mOTU_v2_1197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium oryzae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium radiotolerans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_5133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium mesophilicum
ref_mOTU_v2_1757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium sp. GXF4
ref_mOTU_v2_2261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium sp. 88A
ref_mOTU_v2_1767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium sp. 10
ref_mOTU_v2_1768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium sp. 77
ref_mOTU_v2_1370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium sp. [C 4-46/WSM2598]
ref_mOTU_v2_4294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Methylobacterium	Methylobacterium nodulans
ref_mOTU_v2_2138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Salinarimonas	Salinarimonas rosea
ref_mOTU_v2_3345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhizobiales fam. incertae sedis	Rhizobiales gen. incertae sedis	Rhizobiales bacterium YIM 77505
ref_mOTU_v2_5022	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Microvirga	Microvirga lotononidis
ref_mOTU_v2_4223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Microvirga	Microvirga lupini
ref_mOTU_v2_4753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Microvirga	Microvirga aerilata
ref_mOTU_v2_3080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylobacteriaceae	Microvirga	Microvirga flocculans
ref_mOTU_v2_3601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bosea	Bosea sp. LC85
ref_mOTU_v2_3615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Bradyrhizobiaceae	Bosea	Bosea sp. UNC402CLCol
ref_mOTU_v2_2552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Chelatococcus	Chelatococcus sp. GW1
ref_mOTU_v2_3727	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Methylocystis	Methylocystis sp. SC2
ref_mOTU_v2_0575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Methylocystis	Methylocystis rosea [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4633	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Methylocystis	Methylocystis sp. ATCC 49242
ref_mOTU_v2_2277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Methylocystis	Methylocystis parvus
ref_mOTU_v2_1703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Methylosinus	Methylosinus sp. PW1
ref_mOTU_v2_0295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Methylocystaceae gen. [C Methylocystis/Methylosinus]	Methylocystaceae sp. [C Methylocystis/Methylosinus]
ref_mOTU_v2_3146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Methylosinus	Methylosinus sp. LW4
ref_mOTU_v2_4609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Methylosinus	Methylosinus trichosporium
ref_mOTU_v2_3798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Beijerinckia	Beijerinckia mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_4165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Beijerinckia	Beijerinckia indica
ref_mOTU_v2_5057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methyloferula	Methyloferula stellata
ref_mOTU_v2_4733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylocapsa	Methylocapsa aurea
ref_mOTU_v2_4166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylocapsa	Methylocapsa acidiphila
ref_mOTU_v2_4167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Beijerinckiaceae	Methylocella	Methylocella silvestris
ref_mOTU_v2_1766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Methylopila	Methylopila sp. M107
ref_mOTU_v2_1830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Methylopila	Methylopila sp. 73B
ref_mOTU_v2_4565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium	Hyphomicrobium denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_4754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium	Hyphomicrobium denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_0403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium	Hyphomicrobium sp. [C 802/MC1]
ref_mOTU_v2_2831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium	Hyphomicrobium zavarzinii
ref_mOTU_v2_1584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Hyphomicrobium	Hyphomicrobium nitrativorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4699	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Rhodomicrobium	Rhodomicrobium vannielii
ref_mOTU_v2_5003	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Hyphomicrobiaceae	Rhodomicrobium	Rhodomicrobium udaipurense
ref_mOTU_v2_4644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhodobiaceae	Lutibaculum	Lutibaculum baratangense
meta_mOTU_v2_6612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhodobiaceae	Parvibaculum	Parvibaculum lavamentivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhodobiaceae	Parvibaculum	Parvibaculum lavamentivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2910	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium Mf 1.05b.01
ref_mOTU_v2_3067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhodobiaceae	Tepidicaulis	Tepidicaulis marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium RS24
meta_mOTU_v2_5335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_2600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium IMCC14465
meta_mOTU_v2_5606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Rhodobiaceae	candidatus Phaeomarinobacter	candidatus Phaeomarinobacter ectocarpi
meta_mOTU_v2_5690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	unknown Sphingomonadaceae	unknown Sphingomonadaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	unknown Sphingomonadaceae	unknown Sphingomonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Citromicrobium	Citromicrobium sp. JLT1363
ref_mOTU_v2_4794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Citromicrobium	Citromicrobium bathyomarinum
ref_mOTU_v2_3943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Erythrobacter	Erythrobacter litoralis
ref_mOTU_v2_2781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Porphyrobacter	Porphyrobacter sp. AAP82
ref_mOTU_v2_2098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Porphyrobacter	Porphyrobacter cryptus
ref_mOTU_v2_3553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Porphyrobacter	Porphyrobacter sp. HL-46
ref_mOTU_v2_3811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Erythrobacter	Erythrobacter sp. NAP1
ref_mOTU_v2_1651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Erythrobacter	Erythrobacter longus
ref_mOTU_v2_4114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Erythrobacter	Erythrobacter sp. JL475
ref_mOTU_v2_4183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Erythrobacter	Erythrobacter litoralis
meta_mOTU_v2_5830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Erythrobacter	unknown Erythrobacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Erythrobacter	unknown Erythrobacter
ref_mOTU_v2_3698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Erythrobacter	Erythrobacter sp. SD-21
ref_mOTU_v2_3903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Erythrobacter	Erythrobacter vulgaris
meta_mOTU_v2_5436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Erythrobacter	unknown Erythrobacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Erythrobacteraceae	Croceicoccus	Croceicoccus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium	Novosphingobium lindaniclasticum
ref_mOTU_v2_3690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium	Novosphingobium resinovorum
ref_mOTU_v2_2295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium	Novosphingobium sp. AP12
ref_mOTU_v2_4497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium	Novosphingobium sp. Rr 2-17
ref_mOTU_v2_0322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium	Novosphingobium pentaromativorans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium	Novosphingobium acidiphilum
ref_mOTU_v2_1540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium	Novosphingobium nitrogenifigens
ref_mOTU_v2_3881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium	Novosphingobium aromaticivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Novosphingobium	Novosphingobium tardaugens
ref_mOTU_v2_1828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingopyxis	Sphingopyxis sp. LC363
ref_mOTU_v2_3600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingopyxis	Sphingopyxis sp. LC81
ref_mOTU_v2_3981	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingopyxis	Sphingopyxis alaskensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingopyxis	Sphingopyxis sp. MC1
ref_mOTU_v2_3650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingopyxis	Sphingopyxis sp. MWB1
ref_mOTU_v2_3668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. 35-24ZXX
ref_mOTU_v2_2779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Blastomonas	Blastomonas sp. AAP53
ref_mOTU_v2_3373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Blastomonas	Blastomonas sp. CACIA14H2
ref_mOTU_v2_2157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingopyxis	Sphingopyxis baekryungensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium sp. SYK-6
ref_mOTU_v2_1804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium baderi
ref_mOTU_v2_1087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium sp. [C chinhatense/indicum/japonicum/lucknowense]
ref_mOTU_v2_4297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium chlorophenolicum
ref_mOTU_v2_4806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium chlorophenolicum
ref_mOTU_v2_1671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium barthaii
ref_mOTU_v2_3070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium sp. YL23
ref_mOTU_v2_1024	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonadaceae gen. [C Sphingobium/Shingomonas]	Sphingomonadaceae sp. [C Sphingobium quisquiliarum/Sphingobium sp. DC-2/Shingomonas paucimobilis]
ref_mOTU_v2_2589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium herbicidovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium ummariense
ref_mOTU_v2_3628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium sp. ba1
ref_mOTU_v2_3507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium sp. Ant17
ref_mOTU_v2_0744	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium xenophagum
ref_mOTU_v2_3953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. SKA58
ref_mOTU_v2_3061	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium lactosutens
ref_mOTU_v2_2532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium sp. C100
ref_mOTU_v2_0291	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium yanoikuyae
ref_mOTU_v2_2296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingobium	Sphingobium sp. AP49
ref_mOTU_v2_0086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas paucimobilis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2590	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas parapaucimobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_3676	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas taxi
ref_mOTU_v2_3540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. RIT328
ref_mOTU_v2_0328	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas melonis
ref_mOTU_v2_0194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. [C Ant20/FUKUSWIS1]
ref_mOTU_v2_4642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. Mn802worker
ref_mOTU_v2_1738	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas phyllosphaerae
ref_mOTU_v2_1737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas phyllosphaerae
ref_mOTU_v2_3449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. UNC305MFCol5.2
ref_mOTU_v2_3741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. ATCC 31555
ref_mOTU_v2_1715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas elodea
ref_mOTU_v2_1800	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. PAMC 26605
ref_mOTU_v2_1799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas echinoides
ref_mOTU_v2_0401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. [C PAMC 26617/PAMC 26621]
ref_mOTU_v2_3677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. 37zxx
ref_mOTU_v2_4901	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. MM-1
ref_mOTU_v2_1587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. KC8
ref_mOTU_v2_3696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas wittichii
ref_mOTU_v2_1070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas wittichii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sp. PR090111-T3T-6A
ref_mOTU_v2_4557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Zymomonas	Zymomonas mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_0749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Zymomonas	Zymomonas mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_2156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas sanxanigenens
ref_mOTU_v2_2155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sphingomonas	Sphingomonas astaxanthinifaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_2697	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium JLT2015
ref_mOTU_v2_2780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sandarakinorhabdus	Sandarakinorhabdus sp. AAP62
ref_mOTU_v2_2145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sphingomonadales	Sphingomonadaceae	Sandarakinorhabdus	Sandarakinorhabdus limnophila
ref_mOTU_v2_0497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Kordiimonadales	Kordiimonadaceae	Kordiimonas	Kordiimonas gwangyangensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium Q-1
meta_mOTU_v2_7387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6831	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5447	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7676	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6649	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	unknown Azospirillum
meta_mOTU_v2_6063	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Acetobacteraceae	Acetobacter	unknown Acetobacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	unknown Azospirillum
meta_mOTU_v2_6527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	unknown Azospirillum
meta_mOTU_v2_7737	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	unknown Azospirillum
meta_mOTU_v2_7608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	unknown Azospirillum
meta_mOTU_v2_5386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	Azospirillum sp. CAG:239
meta_mOTU_v2_5652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Azospirillum	Azospirillum sp. 51_20
ref_mOTU_v2_3822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales fam. incertae sedis	Caedibacter	candidatus Caedibacter acanthamoebae
meta_mOTU_v2_7222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales
meta_mOTU_v2_6566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6498	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_4996	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Micavibrio	Micavibrio aeruginosavorus
ref_mOTU_v2_4053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Micavibrio	Micavibrio aeruginosavorus
ref_mOTU_v2_4916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas	Brevundimonas diminuta
ref_mOTU_v2_1895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas	Brevundimonas naejangsanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1613	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas	Brevundimonas diminuta
ref_mOTU_v2_4585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas	Brevundimonas naejangsanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium L41A
ref_mOTU_v2_4144	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas	Brevundimonas sp. BAL3
ref_mOTU_v2_4650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas	Brevundimonas subvibrioides
ref_mOTU_v2_1894	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas	Brevundimonas bacteroides
ref_mOTU_v2_3218	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas	Brevundimonas abyssalis
ref_mOTU_v2_1893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Brevundimonas	Brevundimonas aveniformis
ref_mOTU_v2_2909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Asticcacaulis	Asticcacaulis sp. YBE204
ref_mOTU_v2_4539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Asticcacaulis	Asticcacaulis excentricus
ref_mOTU_v2_2906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Asticcacaulis	Asticcacaulis sp. AC460
ref_mOTU_v2_4862	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Asticcacaulis	Asticcacaulis biprosthecium
ref_mOTU_v2_2907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Asticcacaulis	Asticcacaulis sp. AC402
ref_mOTU_v2_2908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Asticcacaulis	Asticcacaulis sp. AC466
ref_mOTU_v2_0450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Asticcacaulis	Asticcacaulis benevestitus
ref_mOTU_v2_1483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter	Caulobacter henricii
ref_mOTU_v2_2976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter	Caulobacter sp. URHA0033
ref_mOTU_v2_3441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter	Caulobacter sp. UNC358MFTsu5.1
ref_mOTU_v2_4081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter	Caulobacter sp. K31
ref_mOTU_v2_4816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter	Caulobacter henricii
ref_mOTU_v2_1290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter	Caulobacter vibrioides
ref_mOTU_v2_2948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter	Caulobacter vibrioides
ref_mOTU_v2_4377	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacter	Caulobacter segnis
ref_mOTU_v2_4278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Phenylobacterium	Phenylobacterium zucineum
ref_mOTU_v2_3185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Caulobacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	Caulobacteraceae bacterium PMMR1
ref_mOTU_v2_4159	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Maricaulis	Maricaulis maris
ref_mOTU_v2_2078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Oceanicaulis	Oceanicaulis alexandrii
ref_mOTU_v2_3947	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Oceanicaulis	Oceanicaulis sp. HTCC2633
ref_mOTU_v2_3552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Oceanicaulis	Oceanicaulis sp. HL-87
ref_mOTU_v2_2216	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Caulobacterales	Caulobacteraceae	Woodsholea	Woodsholea maritima
ref_mOTU_v2_2360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Euryhalocaulis	Euryhalocaulis caribicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hirschia	Hirschia baltica
ref_mOTU_v2_4477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hirschia	Hirschia maritima
meta_mOTU_v2_6723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Ponticaulis	Ponticaulis koreensis
meta_mOTU_v2_6236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Ponticaulis	Ponticaulis koreensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4478	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Ponticaulis	Ponticaulis koreensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Ponticaulis	Ponticaulis koreensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2904	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas polymorpha
ref_mOTU_v2_0983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas neptunium
ref_mOTU_v2_2900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas adhaerens
ref_mOTU_v2_2902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas jannaschiana
ref_mOTU_v2_2896	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas sp. CY54-11-8
ref_mOTU_v2_2533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas sp. L-53-1-40
ref_mOTU_v2_2899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas atlantica
ref_mOTU_v2_2897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas beringensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas sp. T16B2
ref_mOTU_v2_2901	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas johnsonii
ref_mOTU_v2_2903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas oceanitis
ref_mOTU_v2_2898	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hyphomonas	Hyphomonas chukchiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Henriciella	Henriciella marina
meta_mOTU_v2_7150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Henriciella	unknown Henriciella
ref_mOTU_v2_2007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hellea	Hellea balneolensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Hellea	Hellea balneolensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodobacterales	Hyphomonadaceae	Robiginitomaculum	Robiginitomaculum antarcticum
ref_mOTU_v2_2778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvularculales	Parvularculaceae	Parvularcula	Parvularcula oceani
ref_mOTU_v2_3949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Parvularculales	Parvularculaceae	Parvularcula	Parvularcula bermudensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Sneathiellales	Sneathiellaceae	Sneathiella	Sneathiella glossodoripedis
ref_mOTU_v2_3174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	Dongia	Dongia sp. URHE0060
ref_mOTU_v2_2189	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhizobiales	Methylocystaceae	Terasakiella	Terasakiella pusilla
meta_mOTU_v2_7315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales
meta_mOTU_v2_6031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales	unknown Rhodospirillales
meta_mOTU_v2_6457	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillaceae	unknown Rhodospirillaceae	unknown Rhodospirillaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6600	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6656	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6893	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_5276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	candidatus Paracaedibacteraceae	candidatus Odyssella	candidatus Odyssella thessalonicensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	candidatus Paracaedibacteraceae	candidatus Paracaedibacter	candidatus Paracaedibacter acanthamoebae
ref_mOTU_v2_3823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	candidatus Paracaedibacteraceae	candidatus Paracaedibacter	candidatus Paracaedibacter symbiosus
meta_mOTU_v2_7013	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5809	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6409	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_0133	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia	Rickettsia sp. [C buchneri/endosymbiont/monacensis/tamurae]
ref_mOTU_v2_0134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia	Rickettsia sp. [C aeschlimannii/africae/amblyommii/conorii/gravesii/heilongjiangensis/honei/japonica/massiliae/montanensis/parkeri/peacockii/philipii/rhipicephali/rickettsii/sibirica/slovaca]
ref_mOTU_v2_3965	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia	Rickettsia felis
ref_mOTU_v2_0381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia	Rickettsia sp. [C akari/australis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia	Rickettsia typhi
ref_mOTU_v2_0379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia	Rickettsia prowazekii
ref_mOTU_v2_2308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia	Rickettsia helvetica
ref_mOTU_v2_0380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia	Rickettsia canadensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Rickettsia	Rickettsia bellii
ref_mOTU_v2_1346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiaceae	Orientia	Orientia tsutsugamushi
ref_mOTU_v2_3636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales fam. incertae sedis	Rickettsiales gen. incertae sedis	Rickettsiales bacterium Ac37b
ref_mOTU_v2_4824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	candidatus Midichloriaceae	candidatus Midichloria	candidatus Midichloria mitochondrii
ref_mOTU_v2_5010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Holosporaceae	Holosporaceae gen. incertae sedis	endosymbiont of Acanthamoeba sp. UWC8
ref_mOTU_v2_4134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Ehrlichia	Ehrlichia sp. HF
ref_mOTU_v2_3394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Ehrlichia	Ehrlichia muris
ref_mOTU_v2_0934	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Ehrlichia	Ehrlichia chaffeensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Ehrlichia	Ehrlichia canis
ref_mOTU_v2_1310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Ehrlichia	Ehrlichia ruminantium
ref_mOTU_v2_0008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Anaplasma	Anaplasma marginale
ref_mOTU_v2_0714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Anaplasma	Anaplasma phagocytophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_0916	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Wolbachia	Wolbachia sp. [C endosymbiont/endosymbiont/endosymbiont/pipientis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Wolbachia	Wolbachia endosymbiont of Drosophila simulans
ref_mOTU_v2_0414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Wolbachia	Wolbachia sp. [C endosymbiont/endosymbiont/pipientis]
ref_mOTU_v2_3909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Wolbachia	Wolbachia endosymbiont of Brugia malayi
ref_mOTU_v2_0093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Wolbachia	Wolbachia sp. [C endosymbiont/endosymbiont]
ref_mOTU_v2_2926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Neorickettsia	Neorickettsia helminthoeca
ref_mOTU_v2_4239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Neorickettsia	Neorickettsia risticii
ref_mOTU_v2_3789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	Neorickettsia	Neorickettsia sennetsu
ref_mOTU_v2_3265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Anaplasmataceae	candidatus Xenolissoclinum	candidatus Xenolissoclinum pacificiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Rickettsiales fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Hepatobacter	candidatus Hepatobacter penaei
ref_mOTU_v2_3253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Holosporaceae	Holospora	Holospora obtusa
ref_mOTU_v2_1053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rickettsiales	Holosporaceae	Holospora	Holospora sp. [C elegans/undulata]
meta_mOTU_v2_7385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_1574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium SCGC AAA536-K22
ref_mOTU_v2_1573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium SCGC AAA536-G10
ref_mOTU_v2_5224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Alphaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	alpha proteobacterium SCGC AAA015-N04
meta_mOTU_v2_6782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	unknown Pelagibacterales	unknown Pelagibacterales	unknown Pelagibacterales
meta_mOTU_v2_5308	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6198	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5877	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7453	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Methylophaga	unknown Methylophaga
meta_mOTU_v2_7293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6351	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5955	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6226	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5578	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6354	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5645	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	candidatus Actinomarinales	candidatus Actinomarinaceae	candidatus Actinomarina	candidatus Actinomarina minuta
meta_mOTU_v2_6518	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	candidatus Actinomarinales	candidatus Actinomarinaceae	candidatus Actinomarina	candidatus Actinomarina minuta
meta_mOTU_v2_6385	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	candidatus Actinomarinales	candidatus Actinomarinaceae	candidatus Actinomarina	candidatus Actinomarina minuta
meta_mOTU_v2_7052	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7786	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	candidatus Actinomarinales	candidatus Actinomarinaceae	candidatus Actinomarina	candidatus Actinomarina minuta
meta_mOTU_v2_6169	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	candidatus Actinomarinales	candidatus Actinomarinaceae	candidatus Actinomarina	candidatus Actinomarina minuta
meta_mOTU_v2_5858	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	candidatus Actinomarinales	candidatus Actinomarinaceae	candidatus Actinomarina	candidatus Actinomarina minuta
meta_mOTU_v2_7218	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	candidatus Actinomarinales	candidatus Actinomarinaceae	candidatus Actinomarina	candidatus Actinomarina minuta
meta_mOTU_v2_5725	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	candidatus Actinomarinales	candidatus Actinomarinaceae	candidatus Actinomarina	candidatus Actinomarina minuta
meta_mOTU_v2_7437	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	candidatus Actinomarinales	candidatus Actinomarinaceae	candidatus Actinomarina	candidatus Actinomarina minuta
meta_mOTU_v2_6969	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	candidatus Actinomarinales	candidatus Actinomarinaceae	candidatus Actinomarina	candidatus Actinomarina minuta
meta_mOTU_v2_5765	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7508	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter canis
ref_mOTU_v2_3140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter macacae
ref_mOTU_v2_3052	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter fennelliae
ref_mOTU_v2_3722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter cetorum
ref_mOTU_v2_2370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter cetorum
ref_mOTU_v2_4110	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter acinonychis
ref_mOTU_v2_1084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter pylori
ref_mOTU_v2_0109	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter pylori
ref_mOTU_v2_0108	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter pylori
ref_mOTU_v2_0111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter pylori
ref_mOTU_v2_0110	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter pylori
ref_mOTU_v2_2572	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter heilmannii
ref_mOTU_v2_5208	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter felis
ref_mOTU_v2_4848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter suis
ref_mOTU_v2_1553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter bizzozeronii
ref_mOTU_v2_4777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter mustelae
ref_mOTU_v2_0903	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter bilis
ref_mOTU_v2_4379	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter trogontum
ref_mOTU_v2_3774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter muridarum
ref_mOTU_v2_3671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter saguini
ref_mOTU_v2_3310	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter pametensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter typhlonius [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4231	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter sp. MIT 01-6451
ref_mOTU_v2_1274	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter hepaticus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0712	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter cinaedi
ref_mOTU_v2_3674	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter sp. MIT 09-6949
ref_mOTU_v2_3672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter sp. MIT 05-5293
ref_mOTU_v2_3875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Wolinella	Wolinella succinogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter pullorum
ref_mOTU_v2_1429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter canadensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter rodentium
ref_mOTU_v2_4499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter winghamensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Helicobacter	Helicobacter sp. MIT 11-5569
ref_mOTU_v2_2415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Thiovulum	Thiovulum sp. ES
ref_mOTU_v2_0153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Arcobacter	Arcobacter butzleri
ref_mOTU_v2_5243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Arcobacter	Arcobacter sp. L
ref_mOTU_v2_3416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Arcobacter	Arcobacter cibarius
ref_mOTU_v2_1096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Arcobacter	Arcobacter sp. AF1028
ref_mOTU_v2_1097	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Arcobacter	Arcobacter lanthieri
ref_mOTU_v2_4532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Arcobacter	Arcobacter nitrofigilis
ref_mOTU_v2_4011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Sulfurimonas	Sulfurimonas denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_1530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Sulfurimonas	Sulfurimonas gotlandica
ref_mOTU_v2_2390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Sulfurimonas	Sulfurimonas sp. AST-10
ref_mOTU_v2_4516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Sulfurimonas	Sulfurimonas autotrophica
ref_mOTU_v2_3652	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Sulfuricurvum	Sulfuricurvum sp. MLSB
ref_mOTU_v2_4844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Sulfuricurvum	Sulfuricurvum kujiense
ref_mOTU_v2_2782	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Helicobacteraceae	Sulfuricurvum	candidatus Sulfuricurvum sp. RIFRC-1
ref_mOTU_v2_4914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacterales fam. incertae sedis	Nitratifractor	Nitratifractor salsuginis
ref_mOTU_v2_4124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Epsilonproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Sulfurovum	Sulfurovum sp. NBC37-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Epsilonproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Sulfurovum	Sulfurovum sp. AR
ref_mOTU_v2_2187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Sulfurospirillum	Sulfurospirillum arcachonense
ref_mOTU_v2_4933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Sulfurospirillum	Sulfurospirillum barnesii
ref_mOTU_v2_4429	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Sulfurospirillum	Sulfurospirillum deleyianum
ref_mOTU_v2_3651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Sulfurospirillum	Sulfurospirillum sp. SCADC
ref_mOTU_v2_2319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Sulfurospirillum	Sulfurospirillum multivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3681	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Sulfurospirillum	Sulfurospirillum sp. MES
meta_mOTU_v2_7217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
ref_mOTU_v2_4488	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter showae
ref_mOTU_v2_4487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter rectus
meta_mOTU_v2_5348	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6084	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
ref_mOTU_v2_1694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter showae
ref_mOTU_v2_2759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter showae
ref_mOTU_v2_2755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter concisus
meta_mOTU_v2_6728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
ref_mOTU_v2_0927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter concisus [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
meta_mOTU_v2_7570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
ref_mOTU_v2_0470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter curvus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter mucosalis
meta_mOTU_v2_5997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
ref_mOTU_v2_5148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter hyointestinalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter fetus
ref_mOTU_v2_2760	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter fetus
ref_mOTU_v2_2761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter iguaniorum
meta_mOTU_v2_5398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter gracilis
meta_mOTU_v2_6210	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter gracilis
ref_mOTU_v2_4489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter gracilis
meta_mOTU_v2_6703	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter gracilis
meta_mOTU_v2_6794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter gracilis
ref_mOTU_v2_4074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter hominis
meta_mOTU_v2_6472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	unknown Campylobacter
ref_mOTU_v2_0459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter ureolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter corcagiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter sputorum
ref_mOTU_v2_0471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter upsaliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1897	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter cuniculorum
ref_mOTU_v2_0931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter coli
ref_mOTU_v2_0724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter coli
ref_mOTU_v2_4791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter jejuni
ref_mOTU_v2_0332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter jejuni
ref_mOTU_v2_3675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter sp. MIT 97-5078
ref_mOTU_v2_3923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Campylobacterales	Campylobacteraceae	Campylobacter	Campylobacter lari
ref_mOTU_v2_4123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Epsilonproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Nitratiruptor	Nitratiruptor sp. SB155-2
ref_mOTU_v2_4138	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Nautiliales	Nautiliaceae	Caminibacter	Caminibacter mediatlanticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Nautiliales	Nautiliaceae	Lebetimonas	Lebetimonas sp. [C JH292/JH369/JS032/JS085/JS138/JS170]
ref_mOTU_v2_4618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Epsilonproteobacteria	Nautiliales	Nautiliaceae	Nautilia	Nautilia profundicola
meta_mOTU_v2_6477	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_4284	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma conjunctivae
ref_mOTU_v2_4894	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma bovoculi
ref_mOTU_v2_0413	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_1555	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma flocculare
ref_mOTU_v2_2448	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma ovipneumoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_0432	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma hyorhinis
ref_mOTU_v2_1331	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma hyosynoviae
ref_mOTU_v2_3819	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma arthritidis
ref_mOTU_v2_2445	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma alkalescens
ref_mOTU_v2_2444	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma auris
ref_mOTU_v2_2447	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma arginini
ref_mOTU_v2_0958	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma hominis
ref_mOTU_v2_3857	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma mobile
ref_mOTU_v2_1782	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma agalactiae
ref_mOTU_v2_1294	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma agalactiae
ref_mOTU_v2_1047	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma bovis
ref_mOTU_v2_1413	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma fermentans
ref_mOTU_v2_1622	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma columbinum
ref_mOTU_v2_2446	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma bovigenitalium
ref_mOTU_v2_3769	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma californicum
ref_mOTU_v2_4386	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma crocodyli
ref_mOTU_v2_4909	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma alligatoris
ref_mOTU_v2_1610	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma anatis
ref_mOTU_v2_3844	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma synoviae
ref_mOTU_v2_2773	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma cynos
ref_mOTU_v2_0424	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma canis
ref_mOTU_v2_3870	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma pulmonis
ref_mOTU_v2_3397	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	candidatus Hepatoplasma	candidatus Hepatoplasma crinochetorum
ref_mOTU_v2_2450	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Ureaplasma	Ureaplasma diversum
ref_mOTU_v2_1415	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Ureaplasma	Ureaplasma urealyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_1322	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Ureaplasma	Ureaplasma parvum
ref_mOTU_v2_3034	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	candidatus Mycoplasma girerdii
ref_mOTU_v2_0210	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma iowae
ref_mOTU_v2_3869	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma penetrans
ref_mOTU_v2_0082	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma gallisepticum
ref_mOTU_v2_3254	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma imitans
ref_mOTU_v2_0405	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma pneumoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_1307	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma genitalium
ref_mOTU_v2_1789	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma haemocanis
ref_mOTU_v2_1512	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma haemofelis
ref_mOTU_v2_1140	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Entomoplasmataceae	Mesoplasma	Mesoplasma florum
ref_mOTU_v2_0732	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma sp. [C capricolum/leachii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0733	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma mycoides
ref_mOTU_v2_2424	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma feriruminatoris
ref_mOTU_v2_1006	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma putrefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_2449	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Mycoplasmatales	Mycoplasmataceae	Mycoplasma	Mycoplasma yeatsii
ref_mOTU_v2_2852	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	Spiroplasma diminutum
ref_mOTU_v2_2851	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	Spiroplasma taiwanense
ref_mOTU_v2_2857	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	Spiroplasma apis
ref_mOTU_v2_2855	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	Spiroplasma culicicola
ref_mOTU_v2_2856	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	Spiroplasma sabaudiense
ref_mOTU_v2_1511	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	Spiroplasma mirum
ref_mOTU_v2_2853	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	Spiroplasma chrysopicola
ref_mOTU_v2_2854	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	Spiroplasma syrphidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_0563	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Entomoplasmatales	Spiroplasmataceae	Spiroplasma	Spiroplasma melliferum
ref_mOTU_v2_2866	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	Acholeplasma	Acholeplasma granularum
ref_mOTU_v2_4250	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	Acholeplasma	Acholeplasma laidlawii
ref_mOTU_v2_3296	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	Acholeplasma	Acholeplasma hippikon
ref_mOTU_v2_3295	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	Acholeplasma	Acholeplasma equifetale
ref_mOTU_v2_2871	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	Acholeplasma	Acholeplasma axanthum
ref_mOTU_v2_3297	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	Acholeplasma	Acholeplasma modicum
meta_mOTU_v2_6563	Bacteria	Tenericutes	unknown Tenericutes	unknown Tenericutes	unknown Tenericutes	unknown Tenericutes	unknown Tenericutes
ref_mOTU_v2_2478	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	candidatus Phytoplasma	Italian clover phyllody phytoplasma
ref_mOTU_v2_2364	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	candidatus Phytoplasma	Peanut witches'-broom phytoplasma
ref_mOTU_v2_1457	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	candidatus Phytoplasma	candidatus Phytoplasma australiense
ref_mOTU_v2_1266	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	candidatus Phytoplasma	candidatus Phytoplasma asteris [C Onion Yellows/Chrysanthemum coronarium]
ref_mOTU_v2_4000	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	candidatus Phytoplasma	candidatus Phytoplasma asteris [Wheat blue dwarf]
ref_mOTU_v2_4001	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	candidatus Phytoplasma	candidatus Phytoplasma asteris [Aster yellows witches-broom]
ref_mOTU_v2_4101	Bacteria	Tenericutes	Mollicutes	Acholeplasmatales	Acholeplasmataceae	candidatus Phytoplasma	candidatus Phytoplasma mali
ref_mOTU_v2_3014	Bacteria	candidatus Dependentiae	candidatus Dependentiae class incertae sedis	candidatus Dependentiae order incertae sedis	candidatus Dependentiae fam. incertae sedis	Vermiphilus	Vermiphilus pyriformis
ref_mOTU_v2_4763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Deltaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Babela	candidatus Babela massiliensis
meta_mOTU_v2_6220	Bacteria	Elusimicrobia	Elusimicrobia	Elusimicrobiales	Elusimicrobiaceae	Elusimicrobium	Elusimicrobium sp. An273
meta_mOTU_v2_5663	Bacteria	Elusimicrobia	Elusimicrobia	Elusimicrobiales	Elusimicrobiaceae	Elusimicrobium	Elusimicrobium sp. An273
ref_mOTU_v2_4264	Bacteria	Elusimicrobia	Elusimicrobia	Elusimicrobiales	Elusimicrobiaceae	Elusimicrobium	Elusimicrobium minutum
ref_mOTU_v2_4315	Bacteria	Elusimicrobia	Elusimicrobia class incertae sedis	Elusimicrobia order incertae sedis	Elusimicrobia fam. incertae sedis	Elusimicrobia gen. incertae sedis	uncultured Termite group 1 bacterium
meta_mOTU_v2_6963	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5727	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6006	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7258	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5856	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6482	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7249	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6019	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6959	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6314	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Brachyspirales	Brachyspiraceae	Brachyspira	Brachyspira sp. CAG:484
meta_mOTU_v2_6556	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5651	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5594	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7776	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	unknown Fusobacteria	unknown Fusobacteria	unknown Fusobacteria	unknown Fusobacteria	unknown Fusobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5475	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium sp. CAG:815
meta_mOTU_v2_6078	Bacteria	Fusobacteria	Fusobacteriia	Fusobacteriales	Fusobacteriaceae	Fusobacterium	Fusobacterium sp. CAG:815
meta_mOTU_v2_6394	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	unknown Acinetobacter
meta_mOTU_v2_5598	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5698	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:306
meta_mOTU_v2_7759	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Clostridiaceae	Clostridium	Clostridium sp. CAG:306
meta_mOTU_v2_6229	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5570	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	candidatus Melainabacteria bacterium LEY3_CP_29_8
ref_mOTU_v2_3303	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Brachyspirales	Brachyspiraceae	Brachyspira	Brachyspira alvinipulli
ref_mOTU_v2_2941	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Brachyspirales	Brachyspiraceae	Brachyspira	Brachyspira hampsonii
ref_mOTU_v2_0959	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Brachyspirales	Brachyspiraceae	Brachyspira	Brachyspira sp. [C innocens/murdochii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0957	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Brachyspirales	Brachyspiraceae	Brachyspira	Brachyspira hyodysenteriae
ref_mOTU_v2_1654	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Brachyspirales	Brachyspiraceae	Brachyspira	Brachyspira intermedia
ref_mOTU_v2_0184	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Brachyspirales	Brachyspiraceae	Brachyspira	Brachyspira pilosicoli
meta_mOTU_v2_6130	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Brachyspirales	Brachyspiraceae	Brachyspira	Brachyspira sp. CAG:700
meta_mOTU_v2_7709	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7640	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5909	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudohongiella	unknown Pseudohongiella
ref_mOTU_v2_0690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Francisellaceae	Francisella	Francisella noatunensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Francisellaceae	Francisella	Francisella philomiragia
ref_mOTU_v2_4543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Francisellaceae	Francisella	Francisella sp. TX077308
ref_mOTU_v2_3670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Francisellaceae	Francisella	Francisella sp. FSC1006
ref_mOTU_v2_4770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Francisellaceae	Francisella	Francisella tularensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0011	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Francisellaceae	Francisella	Francisella tularensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3200	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Francisellaceae	Francisella	Francisella sp. W12-1067
ref_mOTU_v2_1725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichales fam. incertae sedis	Fangia	Fangia hongkongensis
meta_mOTU_v2_5529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_2016	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Kangiella	Kangiella aquimarina
ref_mOTU_v2_4411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Kangiella	Kangiella koreensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Leucothrix	Leucothrix mucor
ref_mOTU_v2_5046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiothrix	Thiothrix nivea
ref_mOTU_v2_2207	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiothrix	Thiothrix lacustris
ref_mOTU_v2_2206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiothrix	Thiothrix flexilis
ref_mOTU_v2_2205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Thiothrix	Thiothrix disciformis
ref_mOTU_v2_4148	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium HTCC5015
meta_mOTU_v2_5687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	unknown Alcanivorax
meta_mOTU_v2_6329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	unknown Alcanivorax
ref_mOTU_v2_1107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	Alcanivorax dieselolei
ref_mOTU_v2_1106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	Alcanivorax sp. [C 43B_GOM-46m/PN-3]
ref_mOTU_v2_2412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	Alcanivorax jadensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	Alcanivorax sp. DG881
ref_mOTU_v2_1177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	Alcanivorax borkumensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	Alcanivorax nanhaiticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	Alcanivorax sp. P2S70
ref_mOTU_v2_2411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	Alcanivorax hongdengensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4155	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Alcanivoracaceae	Alcanivorax	Alcanivorax pacificus
meta_mOTU_v2_5403	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5733	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6991	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5528	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5371	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5414	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5855	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5705	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5846	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6085	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5995	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales
meta_mOTU_v2_7025	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_5228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium SCGC AAA300-D14
ref_mOTU_v2_3346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccaceae gen. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria bacterium MOLA455
ref_mOTU_v2_3962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccaceae gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium HTCC2207
meta_mOTU_v2_5319	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	unknown Porticoccaceae	unknown Porticoccaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6383	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	unknown Porticoccaceae	unknown Porticoccaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6150	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7649	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales
ref_mOTU_v2_3364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Porticoccaceae	Porticoccus	Porticoccus hydrocarbonoclasticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Gilvimarinus	Gilvimarinus chinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrio	Cellvibrio mixtus
ref_mOTU_v2_2275	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrio	Cellvibrio sp. BR
ref_mOTU_v2_4361	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Cellvibrio	Cellvibrio japonicus
ref_mOTU_v2_3183	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Marinimicrobium	Marinimicrobium sp. LS-A18
ref_mOTU_v2_2040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Marinimicrobium	Marinimicrobium agarilyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_0250	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Teredinibacter	Teredinibacter turnerae
ref_mOTU_v2_0249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Teredinibacter	Teredinibacter turnerae
ref_mOTU_v2_3755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Saccharophagus	Saccharophagus degradans
ref_mOTU_v2_0426	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Cellvibrionaceae	Simiduia	Simiduia agarivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1647	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Microbulbiferaceae	Microbulbifer	Microbulbifer agarilyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3476	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Microbulbiferaceae	Microbulbifer	Microbulbifer sp. HZ11
ref_mOTU_v2_2874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Microbulbiferaceae	Microbulbifer	Microbulbifer variabilis
ref_mOTU_v2_3706	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia	Colwellia psychrerythraea
ref_mOTU_v2_3886	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia	Colwellia psychrerythraea
ref_mOTU_v2_3885	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia	Colwellia psychrerythraea
ref_mOTU_v2_2812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Colwellia	Colwellia piezophila
ref_mOTU_v2_3642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Colwelliaceae	Thalassotalea	Thalassotalea sp. ND16A
ref_mOTU_v2_1852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Algicola	Algicola sagamiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea
ref_mOTU_v2_3131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea
ref_mOTU_v2_1814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas rubra
meta_mOTU_v2_7005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_1812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas citrea
ref_mOTU_v2_2570	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas ruthenica
ref_mOTU_v2_0421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas sp. [C flavipulchra/piscicida]
ref_mOTU_v2_4014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis
ref_mOTU_v2_0368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas sp. [C haloplanktis/arctica]
ref_mOTU_v2_0367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas sp. [C Bsw20308/BSi20495/S3431]
ref_mOTU_v2_3064	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis
ref_mOTU_v2_0420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas marina [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1031	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas agarivorans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0422	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadales fam. [C Colwelliaceae/Pseudoalteromonadaceae]	Alteromonadales gen. [C Colwellia/Pseudoalteromonas]	Alteromonadales sp. [C Colwellia GOM-1096m/Pseudoalteromonas atlantica/Pseudoalteromonas undina]
ref_mOTU_v2_1813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas haloplanktis
ref_mOTU_v2_3472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas lipolytica
meta_mOTU_v2_5764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	unknown Pseudoalteromonas
meta_mOTU_v2_6639	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
ref_mOTU_v2_3921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas sp. '520P1 No. 412'
ref_mOTU_v2_5056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas tunicata
ref_mOTU_v2_3115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas sp. OCN003
ref_mOTU_v2_1815	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas spongiae
ref_mOTU_v2_4509	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Rheinheimera	Rheinheimera nanhaiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Rheinheimera	Rheinheimera baltica
ref_mOTU_v2_0565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alishewanella	Alishewanella agri
ref_mOTU_v2_0564	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alishewanella	Alishewanella sp. [C aestuarii/jeotgali]
ref_mOTU_v2_2124	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Rheinheimera	Rheinheimera perlucida
ref_mOTU_v2_4376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Rheinheimera	Rheinheimera sp. A13L
ref_mOTU_v2_4285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola	Glaciecola sp. HTCC2999
ref_mOTU_v2_1720	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola	Glaciecola nitratireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_0494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola	Glaciecola pallidula
ref_mOTU_v2_1987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Glaciecola	Glaciecola punicea
meta_mOTU_v2_5958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	unknown Alteromonadales	unknown Alteromonadales	unknown Alteromonadales
ref_mOTU_v2_1273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas	Alteromonas sp. LOR
ref_mOTU_v2_1556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas	Alteromonas macleodii
ref_mOTU_v2_0060	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas	Alteromonas macleodii
ref_mOTU_v2_2979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas	Alteromonas sp. ALT199
ref_mOTU_v2_0059	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas	Alteromonas mediterranea
ref_mOTU_v2_4587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas	Alteromonas australica
ref_mOTU_v2_4863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonas	Alteromonas naphthalenivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Salinimonas	Salinimonas chungwhensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	unknown Alteromonadaceae	unknown Alteromonadaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	unknown Alteromonadaceae	unknown Alteromonadaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7211	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	unknown Alteromonadaceae	unknown Alteromonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Aestuariibacter	Aestuariibacter salexigens
ref_mOTU_v2_2242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Aliiglaciecola	Aliiglaciecola lipolytica
ref_mOTU_v2_2249	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola	Paraglaciecola polaris
ref_mOTU_v2_4043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Pseudoalteromonadaceae	Pseudoalteromonas	Pseudoalteromonas atlantica
ref_mOTU_v2_0562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola	Paraglaciecola mesophila [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0553	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Alteromonadaceae gen. [C Paraglaciecola/Glaciecola]	Alteromonadaceae sp. [C Paraglaciecola chathamensis/Paraglaciecola agarilytica/Glaciecola sp.]
ref_mOTU_v2_4357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola	Paraglaciecola arctica
ref_mOTU_v2_0566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Paraglaciecola	Paraglaciecola psychrophila
ref_mOTU_v2_1657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Gayadomonas	Gayadomonas joobiniege
ref_mOTU_v2_3054	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Catenovulum	Catenovulum agarivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4725	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Catenovulum	Catenovulum agarivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2614	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Mangrovibacter	Mangrovibacter sp. MFB070
ref_mOTU_v2_2612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Enterobacteriaceae bacterium LSJC7
ref_mOTU_v2_1460	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Shimwellia	Shimwellia blattae
meta_mOTU_v2_7241	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacterales	unknown Enterobacterales	unknown Enterobacterales	unknown Enterobacterales
ref_mOTU_v2_0079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Klebsiella	Klebsiella sp. [C michiganensis/oxytoca]
ref_mOTU_v2_0074	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Raoultella	Raoultella sp. [C ornithinolytica/planticola]
ref_mOTU_v2_0120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Klebsiella	[Enterobacter] aerogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_0160	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Klebsiella	Klebsiella sp. [C quasipneumoniae/pneumoniae/varicola]
ref_mOTU_v2_4813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Enterobacteriaceae bacterium strain FGI 57
ref_mOTU_v2_1564	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Kluyvera	Kluyvera ascorbata
ref_mOTU_v2_4835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter lignolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pluralibacter	Pluralibacter gergoviae
ref_mOTU_v2_0050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yokenella	Yokenella regensburgei
ref_mOTU_v2_1563	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Trabulsiella	Trabulsiella guamensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5140	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Leclercia	Leclercia adecarboxylata
ref_mOTU_v2_0268	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cloacae
ref_mOTU_v2_0269	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cloacae
ref_mOTU_v2_0267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter sp. [C asburiae/cloacae/cloacae]
ref_mOTU_v2_0266	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cloacae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0192	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cloacae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cloacae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter sp. [C cancerogenus/cloacae/cloacae/hormaechei]
ref_mOTU_v2_4370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cancerogenus
ref_mOTU_v2_4667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter asburiae
ref_mOTU_v2_4184	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter sp. 638
ref_mOTU_v2_0034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Escherichia	Escherichia albertii
ref_mOTU_v2_0036	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae gen. [C Escherichia/Shigella]	Enterobacteriaceae sp. [C Escherichia coli/Escherichia fergusonii/Shigella boydii/Shigella dysenteriae/Shigella flexneri/Shigella sonnei]
ref_mOTU_v2_0035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Escherichia	Escherichia sp. [C KTE11/KTE52/KTE96/KTE159/TW09308]
ref_mOTU_v2_0037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Salmonella	Salmonella bongori
ref_mOTU_v2_0038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Salmonella	Salmonella enterica
ref_mOTU_v2_0039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Salmonella	Salmonella enterica
ref_mOTU_v2_0040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Salmonella	Salmonella enterica
ref_mOTU_v2_0076	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	Citrobacter sp. [C braakii/freundii/Escherichia coli]
ref_mOTU_v2_0077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	Citrobacter sp. [C freundii/werkmanii/youngae]
ref_mOTU_v2_1714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	Citrobacter sp. S-77
ref_mOTU_v2_0041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	Citrobacter koseri
ref_mOTU_v2_0043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	Citrobacter farmeri
ref_mOTU_v2_0042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	Citrobacter amalonaticus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	Citrobacter sedlakii
ref_mOTU_v2_0044	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Citrobacter	Citrobacter rodentium
ref_mOTU_v2_1753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Kosakonia	Kosakonia sacchari
ref_mOTU_v2_0719	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Kosakonia	Kosakonia radicincitans
ref_mOTU_v2_3252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacter	Enterobacter cloacae
ref_mOTU_v2_1806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Escherichia	Escherichia vulneris
ref_mOTU_v2_1120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Siccibacter	Siccibacter turicensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Siccibacter	Siccibacter colletis
ref_mOTU_v2_0685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Cronobacter	Cronobacter dublinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1697	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Cronobacter	Cronobacter condimenti
ref_mOTU_v2_2353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Cronobacter	Cronobacter muytjensii
ref_mOTU_v2_0193	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Cronobacter	Cronobacter sp. [C malonaticus/sakazakii/turicensis/universalis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Franconibacter	Franconibacter helveticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Franconibacter	Franconibacter pulveris
ref_mOTU_v2_1805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Escherichia	Escherichia hermannii
ref_mOTU_v2_4520	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Cedecea	Cedecea davisae
ref_mOTU_v2_3691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Cedecea	Cedecea neteri
ref_mOTU_v2_0762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Cedecea	Cedecea neteri
ref_mOTU_v2_4989	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Buttiauxella	Buttiauxella agrestis
ref_mOTU_v2_1565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Buttiauxella	Buttiauxella agrestis
ref_mOTU_v2_2615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. A4
ref_mOTU_v2_1102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea dispersa
ref_mOTU_v2_3558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. PSNIH1
ref_mOTU_v2_2304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. GM01
ref_mOTU_v2_2305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. YR343
ref_mOTU_v2_0298	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae gen. [C Pantoea/Enterobacter]	Enterobacteriaceae sp. [C Pantoea rwandensis/Enterobacter cancerogenus]
ref_mOTU_v2_4601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. At-9b
ref_mOTU_v2_3062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. AS-PWVM4
ref_mOTU_v2_1088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. [C FF5/NGS-ED-1003]
ref_mOTU_v2_0387	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea agglomerans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea agglomerans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea vagans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. Sc1
ref_mOTU_v2_3627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. 3.5.1
ref_mOTU_v2_0362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea ananatis
ref_mOTU_v2_1473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea stewartii
ref_mOTU_v2_3077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Phaseolibacter	Phaseolibacter flectens
ref_mOTU_v2_0073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Tatumella	Tatumella ptyseos [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Tatumella	Tatumella saanichensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4676	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Tatumella	Tatumella morbirosei
ref_mOTU_v2_3557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. PSNIH2
ref_mOTU_v2_4654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Erwinia	Erwinia billingiae
ref_mOTU_v2_4089	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Erwinia	Erwinia typographi
ref_mOTU_v2_1258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Erwinia	Erwinia oleae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2837	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	Pantoea sp. IMH
ref_mOTU_v2_4810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Erwinia	Erwinia mallotivora
ref_mOTU_v2_1295	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Erwinia	Erwinia pyrifoliae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0119	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Erwinia	Erwinia amylovora
ref_mOTU_v2_4299	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Erwinia	Erwinia tasmaniensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Dickeya	Dickeya sp. DW 0440
ref_mOTU_v2_3687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Dickeya	Dickeya sp. 2B12
ref_mOTU_v2_0852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae gen. [C Cedecea/Dickeya]	Enterobacteriaceae sp. [C Cedecea neteri/Dickeya sp.]
ref_mOTU_v2_0854	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Dickeya	Dickeya solani
ref_mOTU_v2_0850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Dickeya	Dickeya dadantii
ref_mOTU_v2_0848	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Dickeya	Dickeya dianthicola [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0849	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Dickeya	Dickeya chrysanthemi
ref_mOTU_v2_4522	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Dickeya	Dickeya sp. NCPPB 569
ref_mOTU_v2_0717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Dickeya	Dickeya zeae
ref_mOTU_v2_0853	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Dickeya	Dickeya paradisiaca
ref_mOTU_v2_0312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Lonsdalea	Lonsdalea quercina
ref_mOTU_v2_1655	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia sp. ATCC 39006
ref_mOTU_v2_0838	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pectobacterium	Pectobacterium carotovorum
ref_mOTU_v2_0695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pectobacterium	Pectobacterium wasabiae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pectobacterium	Pectobacterium atrosepticum
ref_mOTU_v2_4479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pectobacterium	Pectobacterium betavasculorum
ref_mOTU_v2_4508	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pectobacterium	Pectobacterium carotovorum
ref_mOTU_v2_4617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Brenneria	Brenneria sp. EniD312
ref_mOTU_v2_0301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Buchnera	Buchnera aphidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_1559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Buchnera	Buchnera aphidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_1558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Buchnera	Buchnera aphidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_0101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Buchnera	Buchnera aphidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Buchnera	Buchnera aphidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3792	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Buchnera	Buchnera aphidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Buchnera	Buchnera aphidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_4091	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Buchnera	Buchnera aphidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_4388	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	candidatus Riesia	candidatus Riesia pediculicola
ref_mOTU_v2_4087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Wigglesworthia	Wigglesworthia glossinidia
ref_mOTU_v2_2290	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Wigglesworthia	Wigglesworthia glossinidia
ref_mOTU_v2_0926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	candidatus Blochmannia	candidatus Blochmannia sp. [C chromaiodes/pennsylvanicus]
ref_mOTU_v2_5007	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	candidatus Blochmannia	candidatus Blochmannia vafer
ref_mOTU_v2_3758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	candidatus Blochmannia	candidatus Blochmannia floridanus
ref_mOTU_v2_2717	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Pantoea	candidatus Pantoea carbekii
ref_mOTU_v2_3096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	secondary endosymbiont of Heteropsylla cubana
ref_mOTU_v2_3724	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Baumannia	candidatus Baumannia cicadellinicola
ref_mOTU_v2_4094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Baumannia	candidatus Baumannia cicadellinicola
ref_mOTU_v2_0922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Sodalis	Sodalis sp. [C pierantonius/praecaptivus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	candidatus Moranella	candidatus Moranella endobia
ref_mOTU_v2_2488	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	secondary endosymbiont of Ctenarytaina eucalypti
ref_mOTU_v2_4045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Sodalis	Sodalis glossinidius
ref_mOTU_v2_4441	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia rohdei
ref_mOTU_v2_1352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia frederiksenii
ref_mOTU_v2_3421	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia enterocolitica
ref_mOTU_v2_0273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia enterocolitica
ref_mOTU_v2_1327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia kristensenii
ref_mOTU_v2_2515	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia mollaretii
ref_mOTU_v2_4058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia bercovieri
ref_mOTU_v2_4056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia intermedia
ref_mOTU_v2_4440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia aldovae
ref_mOTU_v2_0149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia sp. [C pestis/pseudotuberculosis/similis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1330	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Yersinia	Yersinia ruckeri
ref_mOTU_v2_4528	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	candidatus Hamiltonella	candidatus Hamiltonella defensa
ref_mOTU_v2_4732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	candidatus Regiella	candidatus Regiella insecticola
ref_mOTU_v2_0836	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia sp. [C marcescens/nematodiphila]
ref_mOTU_v2_0083	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia plymuthica [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia proteamaculans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4990	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia grimesii
ref_mOTU_v2_1086	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia liquefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_4523	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia symbiotica
ref_mOTU_v2_2786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia marcescens
ref_mOTU_v2_4748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia odorifera
ref_mOTU_v2_3324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia sp. DD3
ref_mOTU_v2_1066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia fonticola
ref_mOTU_v2_1130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia sp. H1n
ref_mOTU_v2_1190	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Chania	Chania multitudinisentens
ref_mOTU_v2_1267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia sp. Ag1
ref_mOTU_v2_2650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium WG36
ref_mOTU_v2_5191	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Serratia	Serratia sp. M24T3
ref_mOTU_v2_5139	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Ewingella	Ewingella americana
ref_mOTU_v2_0640	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Rahnella	Rahnella aquatilis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Rahnella	Rahnella aquatilis
ref_mOTU_v2_2573	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Edwardsiella	Edwardsiella hoshinae
ref_mOTU_v2_0113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Edwardsiella	Edwardsiella tarda
ref_mOTU_v2_0112	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Edwardsiella	Edwardsiella sp. [C anguillarum/ictaluri/piscicida/tarda]
ref_mOTU_v2_1202	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Hafnia	Hafnia alvei
ref_mOTU_v2_0047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Hafnia	Hafnia alvei
ref_mOTU_v2_0075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Leminorella	Leminorella grimontii
ref_mOTU_v2_1790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Budvicia	Budvicia aquatica
ref_mOTU_v2_2562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Enterobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Enterobacteriaceae bacterium B14
ref_mOTU_v2_1374	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Xenorhabdus	Xenorhabdus nematophila
ref_mOTU_v2_3396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Xenorhabdus	Xenorhabdus szentirmaii
ref_mOTU_v2_1105	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Xenorhabdus	Xenorhabdus bovienii
ref_mOTU_v2_1127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Photorhabdus	Photorhabdus luminescens
ref_mOTU_v2_3818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Photorhabdus	Photorhabdus luminescens
ref_mOTU_v2_0058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Photorhabdus	Photorhabdus temperata
ref_mOTU_v2_2095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Photorhabdus	Photorhabdus asymbiotica
ref_mOTU_v2_3902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Photorhabdus	Photorhabdus asymbiotica
ref_mOTU_v2_0659	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Providencia	Providencia stuartii
ref_mOTU_v2_2287	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Providencia	Providencia burhodogranariea
ref_mOTU_v2_2288	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Providencia	Providencia rettgeri
ref_mOTU_v2_4399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Providencia	Providencia rettgeri
ref_mOTU_v2_4369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Providencia	Providencia rustigianii
ref_mOTU_v2_0602	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Providencia	Providencia alcalifaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_0936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Providencia	Providencia alcalifaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_2775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Arsenophonus	Arsenophonus endosymbiont of Nilaparvata lugens
ref_mOTU_v2_4571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Proteus	Proteus vulgaris
ref_mOTU_v2_1034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Proteus	Proteus sp. [C hauseri/penneri]
ref_mOTU_v2_0546	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Proteus	Proteus mirabilis
ref_mOTU_v2_0545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Enterobacteriales	Enterobacteriaceae	Morganella	Morganella morganii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2474	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Orbales	Orbaceae	Gilliamella	Gilliamella apicola
ref_mOTU_v2_2473	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Orbales	Orbaceae	Gilliamella	Gilliamella apicola
ref_mOTU_v2_2472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Orbales	Orbaceae	Gilliamella	Gilliamella apicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Orbales	Orbaceae	candidatus Schmidhempelia	candidatus Schmidhempelia bombi
meta_mOTU_v2_6405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_5107	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Aggregatibacter	Aggregatibacter segnis
ref_mOTU_v2_3038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Aggregatibacter	Aggregatibacter sp. oral taxon 458
meta_mOTU_v2_5454	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Aggregatibacter	Aggregatibacter aphrophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_0147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Aggregatibacter	Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans
ref_mOTU_v2_0325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Aggregatibacter	Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans
meta_mOTU_v2_7650	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_0358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	Haemophilus parainfluenzae
ref_mOTU_v2_1611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	Haemophilus pittmaniae
ref_mOTU_v2_0123	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	Haemophilus haemolyticus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1583	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	Haemophilus haemolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	Haemophilus sp. [C aegypticus/influenzae]
ref_mOTU_v2_0507	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Pasteurella	[Pasteurella] pneumotropica
ref_mOTU_v2_1292	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Histophilus	Histophilus somni
ref_mOTU_v2_0969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Avibacterium	Avibacterium paragallinarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Avibacterium	Avibacterium paragallinarum
ref_mOTU_v2_5132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Necropsobacter	Necropsobacter rosorum
ref_mOTU_v2_3502	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	Haemophilus sp. FF7
ref_mOTU_v2_0293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Pasteurella	Pasteurella multocida
ref_mOTU_v2_4747	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Pasteurella	Pasteurella dagmatis
meta_mOTU_v2_7273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae	unknown Pasteurellaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4037	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus	Actinobacillus succinogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_1750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Pasteurella	Pasteurella bettyae
ref_mOTU_v2_3786	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Basfia	[Mannheimia] succiniciproducens
ref_mOTU_v2_0151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	Haemophilus sputorum
ref_mOTU_v2_1749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	Haemophilus parahaemolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	Haemophilus paraphrohaemolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Mannheimia	Mannheimia haemolytica
ref_mOTU_v2_3401	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Mannheimia	Mannheimia varigena
ref_mOTU_v2_1174	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Mannheimia	Mannheimia varigena
ref_mOTU_v2_0933	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Mannheimia	Mannheimia haemolytica
ref_mOTU_v2_1486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus	Actinobacillus suis
ref_mOTU_v2_0851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus	Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_5101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus	Actinobacillus ureae
ref_mOTU_v2_1834	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus	Actinobacillus capsulatus
ref_mOTU_v2_1453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus	Actinobacillus minor
ref_mOTU_v2_1452	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Actinobacillus	Actinobacillus minor
ref_mOTU_v2_3803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	[Haemophilus] ducreyi
ref_mOTU_v2_0423	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Haemophilus	[Haemophilus] parasuis
ref_mOTU_v2_0704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Bibersteinia	Bibersteinia trehalosi
ref_mOTU_v2_4375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Chelonobacter	Chelonobacter oris
ref_mOTU_v2_0069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pasteurellales	Pasteurellaceae	Gallibacterium	Gallibacterium anatis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium	Photobacterium aphoticum
ref_mOTU_v2_0810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium	Photobacterium angustum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium	Photobacterium phosphoreum
ref_mOTU_v2_0010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium	Photobacterium leiognathi
ref_mOTU_v2_4769	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium	Photobacterium damselae
ref_mOTU_v2_2844	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio gazogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4768	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio metschnikovii
ref_mOTU_v2_3117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio diazotrophicus
ref_mOTU_v2_1479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio furnissii
ref_mOTU_v2_1040	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio fluvialis
ref_mOTU_v2_0937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio mimicus
ref_mOTU_v2_1242	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio metoecus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio sp. [C albensis/cholerae]
ref_mOTU_v2_1339	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio sp. [C ordalii/anguillarum]
ref_mOTU_v2_0417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio natriegens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0324	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio sp. [C owensii/campbellii/harveyi/rotiferianus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio jasicida
ref_mOTU_v2_0715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio parahaemolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_0841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio sp. [C antiquarius/parahaemolyticus/alginolyticus]
ref_mOTU_v2_3851	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio ponticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio navarrensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio vulnificus
ref_mOTU_v2_2591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio proteolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_5247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio brasiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio tubiashii
ref_mOTU_v2_5248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio sinaloensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio sp. [C sinaloensis/caribbeanicus/variabilis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio orientalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio tubiashii
ref_mOTU_v2_2593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio azureus
ref_mOTU_v2_1114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio coralliilyticus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio caribbeanicus
ref_mOTU_v2_0919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio nigripulchritudo
ref_mOTU_v2_5279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio maritimus
ref_mOTU_v2_1541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio sp. [C maritimus/variabilis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1265	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio shilonii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio scophthalmi [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	candidatus Photodesmus	candidatus Photodesmus katoptron
ref_mOTU_v2_2420	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	candidatus Photodesmus	candidatus Photodesmus blepharus
ref_mOTU_v2_2594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio ezurae
ref_mOTU_v2_2592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio halioticoli
ref_mOTU_v2_0734	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio breoganii
ref_mOTU_v2_0730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio genomosp. F10
ref_mOTU_v2_3771	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio fortis
ref_mOTU_v2_0588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio kanaloae
ref_mOTU_v2_0587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio splendidus
ref_mOTU_v2_0586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio sp. [C tasmaniensis/splendidus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio sp. [C crassostreae/cyclitrophicus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio splendidus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2451	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio rumoiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2212	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Vibrio	Vibrio litoralis
ref_mOTU_v2_0962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio	Aliivibrio sp. [C salmonicida/logei]
ref_mOTU_v2_0321	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Aliivibrio	Aliivibrio fischeri
ref_mOTU_v2_1334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium	Photobacterium profundum
ref_mOTU_v2_1677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium	Photobacterium marinum
ref_mOTU_v2_3852	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Photobacterium	Photobacterium halotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_0740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Enterovibrio	Enterovibrio calviensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0728	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Enterovibrio	Enterovibrio norvegicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Grimontia	Grimontia hollisae
ref_mOTU_v2_1678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Grimontia	Grimontia indica
ref_mOTU_v2_0963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Salinivibrio	Salinivibrio costicola
ref_mOTU_v2_1032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Vibrionales	Vibrionaceae	Salinivibrio	Salinivibrio socompensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Aeromonas	Aeromonas diversa
ref_mOTU_v2_0282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Aeromonas	Aeromonas hydrophila
ref_mOTU_v2_0285	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Aeromonas	Aeromonas veronii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0788	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Aeromonas	Aeromonas sp. [C hydrophila/media]
ref_mOTU_v2_0283	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Aeromonas	Aeromonas hydrophila
ref_mOTU_v2_4651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Aeromonas	Aeromonas taiwanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Aeromonas	Aeromonas caviae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Aeromonas	Aeromonas sp. [C lacus/jandaei]
ref_mOTU_v2_4693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Aeromonas	Aeromonas salmonicida
ref_mOTU_v2_0809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Aeromonas	Aeromonas salmonicida
meta_mOTU_v2_7277	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Succinivibrionaceae	Succinivibrio	Succinivibrio dextrinosolvens
ref_mOTU_v2_3344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Succinivibrionaceae	Succinivibrio	Succinivibrio dextrinosolvens
meta_mOTU_v2_6057	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Succinivibrionaceae	unknown Succinivibrionaceae	unknown Succinivibrionaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Succinivibrionaceae	Succinatimonas	unknown Succinatimonas
ref_mOTU_v2_4944	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Succinivibrionaceae	Succinatimonas	Succinatimonas hippei
meta_mOTU_v2_6580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Succinivibrionaceae	Succinatimonas	Succinatimonas hippei
ref_mOTU_v2_1865	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Succinivibrionaceae	Anaerobiospirillum	Anaerobiospirillum succiniciproducens
ref_mOTU_v2_2815	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Succinivibrionaceae	Succinimonas	Succinimonas amylolytica
ref_mOTU_v2_2492	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Succinivibrionaceae	Ruminobacter	Ruminobacter sp. RM87
ref_mOTU_v2_2913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Tolumonas	Tolumonas sp. BRL6-1
ref_mOTU_v2_4607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Tolumonas	Tolumonas auensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4382	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Oceanimonas	Oceanimonas sp. GK1
ref_mOTU_v2_2873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Aeromonadales	Aeromonadaceae	Oceanimonas	Oceanimonas smirnovii
ref_mOTU_v2_4010	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella amazonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella mangrovi
ref_mOTU_v2_0911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella sp. [C algae/haliotis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4015	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella sp. HN-41
ref_mOTU_v2_0912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella putrefaciens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella baltica
ref_mOTU_v2_3770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella oneidensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella decolorationis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella xiamenensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella frigidimarina
ref_mOTU_v2_3983	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_4657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella violacea
ref_mOTU_v2_3964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella benthica
ref_mOTU_v2_4230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella sediminis
ref_mOTU_v2_4157	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella woodyi
ref_mOTU_v2_4178	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella pealeana
ref_mOTU_v2_4293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella halifaxensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella piezotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_3680	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella sp. ECSMB14101
ref_mOTU_v2_4006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella loihica
ref_mOTU_v2_3073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella waksmanii
ref_mOTU_v2_2730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Shewanellaceae	Shewanella	Shewanella marina
ref_mOTU_v2_1970	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Ferrimonadaceae	Ferrimonas	Ferrimonas futtsuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1971	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Ferrimonadaceae	Ferrimonas	Ferrimonas kyonanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4475	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Ferrimonadaceae	Ferrimonas	Ferrimonas balearica
ref_mOTU_v2_2868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas	Psychromonas ossibalaenae
ref_mOTU_v2_4066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas	Psychromonas ingrahamii
ref_mOTU_v2_3959	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas	Psychromonas sp. CNPT3
ref_mOTU_v2_2120	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Psychromonadaceae	Psychromonas	Psychromonas arctica
ref_mOTU_v2_4560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella	Moritella sp. PE36
ref_mOTU_v2_2495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella	Moritella dasanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Moritellaceae	Moritella	Moritella marina
ref_mOTU_v2_1857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Aliagarivorans	Aliagarivorans taiwanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3060	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Agarivorans	Agarivorans albus
meta_mOTU_v2_7001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina	Idiomarina baltica
meta_mOTU_v2_5530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina	unknown Idiomarina
ref_mOTU_v2_0939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina	Idiomarina loihiensis [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_7730	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina	unknown Idiomarina
ref_mOTU_v2_4876	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina	Idiomarina xiamenensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina	Idiomarina atlantica
ref_mOTU_v2_4240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina	Idiomarina salinarum
ref_mOTU_v2_1619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Idiomarinaceae	Idiomarina	Idiomarina sp. A28L
ref_mOTU_v2_4902	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gallaecimonas	Gallaecimonas xiamenensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2284	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Hahellaceae	Endozoicomonas	Endozoicomonas numazuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Hahellaceae	Endozoicomonas	Endozoicomonas montiporae
ref_mOTU_v2_0487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Hahellaceae	Endozoicomonas	Endozoicomonas elysicola
ref_mOTU_v2_4055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Hahellaceae	Hahella	Hahella chejuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4355	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinomonas	Marinomonas posidonica
ref_mOTU_v2_2535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinomonas	Marinomonas profundimaris
ref_mOTU_v2_2045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinomonas	Marinomonas ushuaiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinomonas	Marinomonas sp. MWYL1
ref_mOTU_v2_3957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinomonas	Marinomonas sp. MED121
ref_mOTU_v2_4872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinomonas	Marinomonas mediterranea
ref_mOTU_v2_2617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas nitroreducens
ref_mOTU_v2_3411	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas nitroreducens
ref_mOTU_v2_2955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_2988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas knackmussii
ref_mOTU_v2_1261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C AAC/M1]
ref_mOTU_v2_0096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C aeruginosa/otitidis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas syringae group genomosp. 3
ref_mOTU_v2_1099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas syringae
ref_mOTU_v2_1100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas syringae
ref_mOTU_v2_0334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C amygdali/syringae/syringae]
ref_mOTU_v2_0739	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C amygdali/savastanoi]
ref_mOTU_v2_0645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas syringae
ref_mOTU_v2_1101	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas viridiflava
ref_mOTU_v2_1098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas syringae
ref_mOTU_v2_3415	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas cichorii
ref_mOTU_v2_3978	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas syringae
ref_mOTU_v2_1340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas syringae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas lutea
ref_mOTU_v2_2677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens
ref_mOTU_v2_4906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens
ref_mOTU_v2_0161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C fluorescens/synxantha]
ref_mOTU_v2_4808	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens
ref_mOTU_v2_2363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. CBZ-4
ref_mOTU_v2_3541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. RIT357
ref_mOTU_v2_2798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. LAMO17WK12:I2
ref_mOTU_v2_0779	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C fluorescens/poae]
ref_mOTU_v2_0428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C extremaustralis/veronii]
ref_mOTU_v2_3357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. TKP
ref_mOTU_v2_0624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0623	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C fluorescens/simiae]
ref_mOTU_v2_0557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0988	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens
ref_mOTU_v2_0987	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_5143	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. CF161
ref_mOTU_v2_0613	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas moraviensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas chlororaphis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C GM78/G5(2012)]
ref_mOTU_v2_0614	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C GM33/GM48/GM55/GM74/UW4]
ref_mOTU_v2_0616	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens
ref_mOTU_v2_0615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C GM60/GM67]
ref_mOTU_v2_0622	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas mandelii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0611	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C GM21/URMO17WK12:I12]
ref_mOTU_v2_3567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. Ant30-3
ref_mOTU_v2_2313	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas mandelii
ref_mOTU_v2_0608	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C GM50/GM79/GM102/QTF5]
ref_mOTU_v2_0610	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas mandelii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens
ref_mOTU_v2_1045	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C corrugata/mediterranea]
ref_mOTU_v2_1629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens
ref_mOTU_v2_0165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C brassicacearum/fluorescens]
ref_mOTU_v2_0166	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas brassicacearum
ref_mOTU_v2_2804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fluorescens
ref_mOTU_v2_4809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas agarici
ref_mOTU_v2_4843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas gingeri
ref_mOTU_v2_0637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fuscovaginae
ref_mOTU_v2_3246	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. PH1b
ref_mOTU_v2_3214	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. CMAA1215
ref_mOTU_v2_0090	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C fluorescens/protegens]
ref_mOTU_v2_0162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas chlororaphis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_5142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. CF149
ref_mOTU_v2_2278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fragi
ref_mOTU_v2_0581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fragi [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas psychrophila
ref_mOTU_v2_2651	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium L18
ref_mOTU_v2_2425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. M47T1
ref_mOTU_v2_3775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas rhizosphaerae
ref_mOTU_v2_4131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas putida
ref_mOTU_v2_0807	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadales fam. [C Moraxellaceae/Pseudomonadaceae]	Pseudomonadales gen. [C Acinetobacter/Pseudomonas]	Pseudomonadales sp. [C Acinetobacter rudis/Pseudomonas plecoglossicida]
ref_mOTU_v2_4118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas entomophila
ref_mOTU_v2_3215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas mosselii
ref_mOTU_v2_4812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. VLB120
ref_mOTU_v2_2810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. URMO17WK12:I8
ref_mOTU_v2_0187	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C monteilii/plecoglossicida/putida]
ref_mOTU_v2_0185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas putida
ref_mOTU_v2_0186	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas putida
ref_mOTU_v2_1247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C H2/WCS358]
ref_mOTU_v2_0806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C cremoricolorata/fulva/putida]
ref_mOTU_v2_2567	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas parafulva
ref_mOTU_v2_2752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas putida
ref_mOTU_v2_1005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas cremoricolorata
ref_mOTU_v2_0691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas donghuensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3810	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas alkylphenolia
ref_mOTU_v2_2566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas japonica
ref_mOTU_v2_1560	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas putida
ref_mOTU_v2_3584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. 20_BN
ref_mOTU_v2_2226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_1780	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_3066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_3967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_4690	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_3968	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_2559	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_0755	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C chloritidismutans/stutzeri]
ref_mOTU_v2_3993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_2584	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_0759	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_3412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. BAY1663
ref_mOTU_v2_1245	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C Chol1/HMP271]
ref_mOTU_v2_4326	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas stutzeri
ref_mOTU_v2_0986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Azotobacter	Azotobacter vinelandii
ref_mOTU_v2_3471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. RL
ref_mOTU_v2_0756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas mendocina [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas oleovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_0014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas mendocina
ref_mOTU_v2_3477	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes
ref_mOTU_v2_0932	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C alcaliphila/mendocina]
ref_mOTU_v2_0722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3631	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. ML96
ref_mOTU_v2_2565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas alcaligenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas caeni
ref_mOTU_v2_4891	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas fulva
ref_mOTU_v2_4797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. S9
ref_mOTU_v2_3240	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas taeanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2111	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas resinovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas resinovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes
ref_mOTU_v2_1067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas alcaligenes
ref_mOTU_v2_0524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas thermotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_0773	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas luteola [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0402	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas sp. [C oryzihabitans/psychrotolerans]
meta_mOTU_v2_6864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	unknown Pseudomonas
meta_mOTU_v2_7251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	unknown Pseudomonas
meta_mOTU_v2_5634	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	unknown Pseudomonas
ref_mOTU_v2_3050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Pseudomonadaceae	Pseudomonas	Pseudomonas pelagia
meta_mOTU_v2_6775	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	unknown Halieaceae	gamma proteobacterium HIMB55
meta_mOTU_v2_5352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	unknown Halieaceae	gamma proteobacterium HIMB55
ref_mOTU_v2_4900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halieaceae gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium HIMB55
meta_mOTU_v2_6806	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	unknown Halieaceae	unknown Halieaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	unknown Halieaceae	unknown Halieaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales
meta_mOTU_v2_6273	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales	unknown Cellvibrionales
ref_mOTU_v2_3834	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halieaceae gen. incertae sedis	marine gamma proteobacterium HTCC2080
ref_mOTU_v2_4518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Luminiphilus	Luminiphilus syltensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halieaceae gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium IMCC3088
ref_mOTU_v2_3833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Halieaceae gen. incertae sedis	marine gamma proteobacterium HTCC2148
ref_mOTU_v2_3961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Congregibacter	Congregibacter litoralis
ref_mOTU_v2_4519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium NOR5-3
ref_mOTU_v2_2809	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Pseudohaliea	Pseudohaliea rubra
ref_mOTU_v2_1999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Halieaceae	Haliea	Haliea salexigens
ref_mOTU_v2_3832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	marine gamma proteobacterium HTCC2143
ref_mOTU_v2_1928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Dasania	Dasania marina
ref_mOTU_v2_3960	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Reinekea	Reinekea blandensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2137	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Saccharospirillaceae	Saccharospirillum	Saccharospirillum impatiens
meta_mOTU_v2_5772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	unknown Oceanospirillales	unknown Oceanospirillales	unknown Oceanospirillales
meta_mOTU_v2_6280	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	unknown Oceanospirillales	unknown Oceanospirillales	unknown Oceanospirillales
ref_mOTU_v2_0789	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Thalassolituus	Thalassolituus oleivorans
meta_mOTU_v2_6564	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Oleibacter	unknown Oleibacter
ref_mOTU_v2_3765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Bermanella	Bermanella marisrubri
ref_mOTU_v2_4637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter nanhaiticus
ref_mOTU_v2_0694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2041	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter daepoensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3243	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter sp. ES-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter nitratireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_2939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter santoriniensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	unknown Marinobacter
ref_mOTU_v2_0350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter sp. [C adhaerens/manganoxydans]
ref_mOTU_v2_3035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter lipolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter sp. HL-58
ref_mOTU_v2_3359	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter sp. MCTG268
ref_mOTU_v2_4257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter algicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3864	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter sp. ELB17
ref_mOTU_v2_4353	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter sp. BSs20148
ref_mOTU_v2_1658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Alteromonadales	Alteromonadaceae	Marinobacter	Marinobacter lipolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1350	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas sp. [C salina/smyrnensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas elongata
ref_mOTU_v2_2416	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas huangheensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	unknown Halomonadaceae	unknown Halomonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2001	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas halocynthiae
ref_mOTU_v2_4589	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas sp. KM-1
ref_mOTU_v2_3248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas sp. PBN3
ref_mOTU_v2_2002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas halodenitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_1826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas sp. GFAJ-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas stevensii
meta_mOTU_v2_6077	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	unknown Halomonadaceae	unknown Halomonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_5294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas sp. TD01
ref_mOTU_v2_3772	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas campaniensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas alkaliantarctica
ref_mOTU_v2_4549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas zhanjiangensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas sp. TG39a
ref_mOTU_v2_3167	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas sp. 23_GOM-1509m
ref_mOTU_v2_1692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas boliviensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas sp. [C KO116/HAL1]
ref_mOTU_v2_3550	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas sp. HL-48
ref_mOTU_v2_2746	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas jeotgali
ref_mOTU_v2_0496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas anticariensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas xinjiangensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	unknown Halomonadaceae	unknown Halomonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas zincidurans
ref_mOTU_v2_2003	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Halomonas	Halomonas lutea
ref_mOTU_v2_1162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Chromohalobacter	Chromohalobacter sp. [C israelensis/salexigens]
ref_mOTU_v2_3571	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria bacterium MFB021
ref_mOTU_v2_4490	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Cobetia	Cobetia crustatorum
ref_mOTU_v2_3887	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Cobetia	Cobetia marina
ref_mOTU_v2_2019	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Kushneria	Kushneria aurantia
ref_mOTU_v2_3081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	Carnimonas	Carnimonas nigrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_2047	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinospirillum	Marinospirillum minutulum
ref_mOTU_v2_2046	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinospirillum	Marinospirillum insulare
ref_mOTU_v2_2657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Nitrincola	Nitrincola nitratireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_3665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Nitrincola	Nitrincola sp. A-D6
ref_mOTU_v2_3858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Nitrincola	Nitrincola lacisaponensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinobacterium	Marinobacterium sp. AK27
ref_mOTU_v2_2042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinobacterium	Marinobacterium litorale
ref_mOTU_v2_1645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinobacterium	Marinobacterium stanieri
ref_mOTU_v2_2070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Neptunomonas	Neptunomonas japonica
ref_mOTU_v2_3058	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Oceanospirillaceae gen. incertae sedis	Osedax symbiont Rs1
ref_mOTU_v2_2870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Amphritea	Amphritea japonica
ref_mOTU_v2_3766	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Neptuniibacter	Neptuniibacter caesariensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2043	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillaceae	Marinobacterium	Marinobacterium rhizophilum
meta_mOTU_v2_6027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_2380	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium BDW918
ref_mOTU_v2_2056	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacter	Spongiibacter marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_2163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cellvibrionales	Spongiibacteraceae	Spongiibacter	Spongiibacter tropicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4918	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium HIMB30
ref_mOTU_v2_1997	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Hahellaceae	Hahella	Hahella ganghwensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0830	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter ursingii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0820	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter soli
ref_mOTU_v2_0435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. ADP1
ref_mOTU_v2_0818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter junii
ref_mOTU_v2_0817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter haemolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_0619	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter parvus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter beijerinckii
ref_mOTU_v2_0821	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C CIP-A165/NIPH 298]
ref_mOTU_v2_0270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter venetianus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C ANC 3862/NIPH 236/NIPH 284]
ref_mOTU_v2_0439	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter tjernbergiae
ref_mOTU_v2_0815	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter gyllenbergii
ref_mOTU_v2_0816	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. NIPH 809
ref_mOTU_v2_0823	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C NCTC 7422/NIPH 1859/NIPH 2036]
ref_mOTU_v2_0825	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C ANC 4105/NIPH 1867]
ref_mOTU_v2_0828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C ANC 3929/NIPH 2100]
ref_mOTU_v2_0621	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C ANC 3880/CIP 56.2/CIP 70.18/CIP 110321/MN12/TG19627]
ref_mOTU_v2_0824	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter baumannii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C neg1/NIPH 758/NIPH 2168]
ref_mOTU_v2_0813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C calcoaceticus/oleivorans]
ref_mOTU_v2_0318	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C baumannii/calcoaceticus/pittii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter seifertii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C baumannii/nosocomialis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter baumannii
ref_mOTU_v2_0819	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter radioresistens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter guillouiae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter bereziniae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1585	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. P8-3-8
ref_mOTU_v2_0437	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter gerneri
ref_mOTU_v2_0436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter bouvetii
ref_mOTU_v2_0197	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C johnsonii/lwoffii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0438	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter tandoii
ref_mOTU_v2_0255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C guillouiae/lwoffii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0829	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter lwoffii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0618	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter schindleri [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0822	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. [C NIPH 899/NIPH 2171]
ref_mOTU_v2_3614	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. HR7
ref_mOTU_v2_0620	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter indicus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. Ver3
ref_mOTU_v2_2543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. MDS7A
ref_mOTU_v2_0440	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter towneri
ref_mOTU_v2_2575	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter bohemicus
ref_mOTU_v2_0812	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter brisouii
ref_mOTU_v2_2574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter sp. ANC 3789
ref_mOTU_v2_3228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter nectaris
ref_mOTU_v2_4226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Acinetobacter	Acinetobacter rudis
ref_mOTU_v2_1861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Alkanindiges	Alkanindiges illinoisensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3134	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter aquaticus
meta_mOTU_v2_7294	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	unknown Psychrobacter
ref_mOTU_v2_1018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter sp. [C JCM 18900/JCM 18901]
ref_mOTU_v2_1017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter sp. [C JCM 18902/JCM 18903]
ref_mOTU_v2_1797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter sp. PAMC 21119
ref_mOTU_v2_0247	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter sp. [C TB47/TB67]
ref_mOTU_v2_3839	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter arcticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter cryohalolentis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0248	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter sp. TB15
ref_mOTU_v2_2117	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter lutiphocae
ref_mOTU_v2_2118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter phenylpyruvicus
ref_mOTU_v2_1549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter sp. 1501(2011)
ref_mOTU_v2_4050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Psychrobacter	Psychrobacter sp. PRwf-1
ref_mOTU_v2_0914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella	Moraxella catarrhalis
ref_mOTU_v2_4895	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella	Moraxella bovoculi
meta_mOTU_v2_6740	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella	unknown Moraxella
ref_mOTU_v2_2068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella	Moraxella caprae
ref_mOTU_v2_2661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella	Moraxella macacae
ref_mOTU_v2_2067	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Moraxella	Moraxella boevrei
ref_mOTU_v2_4486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Rhodospirillales	Rhodospirillales fam. incertae sedis	Enhydrobacter	Enhydrobacter aerosaccus
ref_mOTU_v2_2094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Pseudomonadales	Moraxellaceae	Perlucidibaca	Perlucidibaca piscinae
ref_mOTU_v2_4992	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium HdN1
meta_mOTU_v2_7408	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5551	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6075	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7696	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
ref_mOTU_v2_0088	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium SCGC AAA076-P09
meta_mOTU_v2_6442	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_0094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium SCGC AAA168-I18
meta_mOTU_v2_5676	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_2227	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	SAR86 cluster	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_7436	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
ref_mOTU_v2_5230	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Oceanospirillales fam. incertae sedis	Oceanospirillales gen. incertae sedis	Oceanospirillales bacterium SCGC AAA298-N10
meta_mOTU_v2_6392	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_7659	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_7544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_5980	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_5726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_5798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_7261	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_6702	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_7327	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_6828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_7343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_6871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_7658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_6943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86A
meta_mOTU_v2_7146	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_2228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	SAR86 cluster	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86B
meta_mOTU_v2_6797	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5320	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5926	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86E
meta_mOTU_v2_5593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_2537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	SAR86 cluster	SAR86 cluster bacterium SAR86E
meta_mOTU_v2_6462	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6624	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6756	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5506	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6574	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7445	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6400	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6642	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5644	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7341	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7657	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5548	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6659	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5774	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5648	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7334	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7172	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7609	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7226	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7391	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6581	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7513	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5627	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6640	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5899	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_2967	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	candidatus Portiera	candidatus Portiera aleyrodidarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0781	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Oceanospirillales	Halomonadaceae	candidatus Portiera	candidatus Portiera aleyrodidarum
meta_mOTU_v2_6127	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales
meta_mOTU_v2_6660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5497	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7390	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6684	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5831	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7576	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6645	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7161	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6607	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia	Woeseia oceani
meta_mOTU_v2_5322	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia	Woeseia oceani
meta_mOTU_v2_6222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia	Woeseia oceani
meta_mOTU_v2_7461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia	Woeseia oceani
meta_mOTU_v2_6535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Woeseiaceae	Woeseia	Woeseia oceani
meta_mOTU_v2_5626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	unknown Chromatiales	unknown Chromatiales	unknown Chromatiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7770	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5879	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5419	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7396	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_0087	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium SCGC AAA076-D02
meta_mOTU_v2_5671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6191	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	candidatus Thioglobus	unknown candidatus Thioglobus
meta_mOTU_v2_6935	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5601	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	candidatus Thioglobus	unknown candidatus Thioglobus
meta_mOTU_v2_6446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_2253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	gamma proteobacterium SCGC AB-629-P17
meta_mOTU_v2_6757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_1201	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Ruthia	candidatus Ruthia magnifica
ref_mOTU_v2_4215	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	Calyptogena okutanii thioautotrophic gill symbiont
ref_mOTU_v2_0349	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Fluoribacter	Fluoribacter dumoffii
ref_mOTU_v2_2664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella anisa
ref_mOTU_v2_3312	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella sainthelensi
ref_mOTU_v2_1465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella longbeachae
ref_mOTU_v2_4722	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella drancourtii
ref_mOTU_v2_0309	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella pneumophila
ref_mOTU_v2_5152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella pneumophila
ref_mOTU_v2_3576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella norrlandica
ref_mOTU_v2_2030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella shakespearei
ref_mOTU_v2_2029	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella moravica
ref_mOTU_v2_0141	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3311	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella fairfieldensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella lansingensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0961	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella oakridgensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	Legionella geestiana
meta_mOTU_v2_7552	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Legionellaceae	Legionella	unknown Legionella
meta_mOTU_v2_6406	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_0753	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Coxiellaceae	Coxiella	Coxiella burnetii
ref_mOTU_v2_4594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Coxiellaceae	Rickettsiella	Rickettsiella grylli
ref_mOTU_v2_2335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Legionellales	Coxiellaceae	Diplorickettsia	Diplorickettsia massiliensis
meta_mOTU_v2_6373	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_0874	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Piscirickettsia	Piscirickettsia salmonis
ref_mOTU_v2_2223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thiomicrospira	Thiomicrospira halophila
ref_mOTU_v2_3979	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thiomicrospira	Thiomicrospira crunogena
ref_mOTU_v2_2381	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thiomicrospira	Thiomicrospira kuenenii
ref_mOTU_v2_0544	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Hydrogenovibrio	Hydrogenovibrio marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_5130	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thiomicrospira	Thiomicrospira sp. Milos-T1
ref_mOTU_v2_2222	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thiomicrospira	Thiomicrospira chilensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thiomicrospira	Thiomicrospira sp. Kp2
ref_mOTU_v2_5131	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thiomicrospira	Thiomicrospira sp. Milos-T2
ref_mOTU_v2_2221	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thiomicrospira	Thiomicrospira arctica
ref_mOTU_v2_2224	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thiomicrospira	Thiomicrospira pelophila
ref_mOTU_v2_4870	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thioalkalimicrobium	Thioalkalimicrobium aerophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_4871	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Thioalkalimicrobium	Thioalkalimicrobium cyclicum
ref_mOTU_v2_4161	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Thiotrichaceae	Beggiatoa	Beggiatoa alba
ref_mOTU_v2_1803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylosarcina	Methylosarcina lacus
ref_mOTU_v2_1369	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylomicrobium	Methylomicrobium sp. [C agile/album]
ref_mOTU_v2_2264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylosarcina	Methylosarcina fibrata
ref_mOTU_v2_1811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methyloglobulus	Methyloglobulus morosus
ref_mOTU_v2_4827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylobacter	Methylobacter tundripaludum
ref_mOTU_v2_4764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylomicrobium	Methylomicrobium buryatense
ref_mOTU_v2_4999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylomonas	Methylomonas methanica
ref_mOTU_v2_3654	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylomonas	Methylomonas denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_4765	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylocaldum	Methylocaldum szegediense
ref_mOTU_v2_0856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylococcaceae	Methylococcus	Methylococcus capsulatus
ref_mOTU_v2_2917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Methylococcales	Methylothermaceae	Methylohalobius	Methylohalobius crimeensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0758	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Cycloclasticus	Cycloclasticus sp. [C pugetii/zancles]
meta_mOTU_v2_5732	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Methylophaga	Methylophaga aminisulfidivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Methylophaga	Methylophaga aminisulfidivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Methylophaga	Methylophaga thiooxydans
ref_mOTU_v2_4921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Methylophaga	Methylophaga frappieri
ref_mOTU_v2_2924	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Methylophaga	Methylophaga lonarensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4920	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Thiotrichales	Piscirickettsiaceae	Methylophaga	Methylophaga nitratireducenticrescens
ref_mOTU_v2_1342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Nitrosococcus	Nitrosococcus oceani
ref_mOTU_v2_1675	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Nitrosococcus	Nitrosococcus watsonii
ref_mOTU_v2_4323	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Nitrosococcus	Nitrosococcus halophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3726	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Alkalilimnicola	Alkalilimnicola ehrlichii
ref_mOTU_v2_4051	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Halorhodospira	Halorhodospira halophila
ref_mOTU_v2_3958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Nitrococcus	Nitrococcus mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_1873	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Arhodomonas	Arhodomonas aquaeolei
ref_mOTU_v2_2799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Spiribacter	Spiribacter salinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3069	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Spiribacter	Spiribacter sp. UAH-SP71
ref_mOTU_v2_3534	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. HK1
meta_mOTU_v2_6262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_4529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Allochromatium	Allochromatium vinosum
ref_mOTU_v2_4956	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Thiorhodococcus	Thiorhodococcus drewsii
ref_mOTU_v2_2785	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Thiorhodococcus	Thiorhodococcus sp. AK35
ref_mOTU_v2_4954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Thiocystis	Thiocystis violascens
ref_mOTU_v2_4953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Marichromatium	Marichromatium purpuratum
ref_mOTU_v2_4966	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Thiocapsa	Thiocapsa marina
ref_mOTU_v2_4952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Lamprocystis	Lamprocystis purpurea
ref_mOTU_v2_4955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Thioflavicoccus	Thioflavicoccus mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_4643	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Chromatiaceae	Thiorhodovibrio	Thiorhodovibrio sp. 970
ref_mOTU_v2_1794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Sedimenticola	Sedimenticola selenatireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_3804	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	Solemya velum gill symbiont
ref_mOTU_v2_0209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	endosymbiont of Riftia pachyptila
ref_mOTU_v2_4856	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio thiocyanodenitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_1368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sulfidiphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_4398	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospira	Ectothiorhodospira sp. PHS-1
ref_mOTU_v2_1095	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Ectothiorhodospira	Ectothiorhodospira haloalkaliphila
ref_mOTU_v2_4957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thiorhodospira	Thiorhodospira sibirica
ref_mOTU_v2_4857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio thiocyanoxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_2794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio nitratireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_2343	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. ALJT
ref_mOTU_v2_2352	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. ALJ16
ref_mOTU_v2_2344	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. ALMg11
ref_mOTU_v2_0666	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. [C AKL3/AKL6/AKL7/AKL8/AKL10/AKL12/ALMg2/ALMg3/ALMg9/ALMg13-2/ALM2T]
ref_mOTU_v2_2827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. AKL19
ref_mOTU_v2_0670	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. ALE6
ref_mOTU_v2_0661	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. [C:v2_661 ALJ1/ALJ7/ALJ6]
ref_mOTU_v2_0669	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. [C ALE9/ALE12/ALE16/ALE17/ALE22/ALE28/ALE30/ALE31/ALgr5]
ref_mOTU_v2_4455	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. AKL11
ref_mOTU_v2_0665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. [C AL21/HL-Eb18/K90mix]
ref_mOTU_v2_0662	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio thiocyanoxidans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0663	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. [C:v2_663 ALJ5/ALJ9/ALJ11/ALJ2/ALRh/ALJ15/ALgr1]
ref_mOTU_v2_0664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. [C:v2_664 ALD1/ALJ3]
ref_mOTU_v2_4456	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. ALJ24
ref_mOTU_v2_0668	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. [C ALE11/ALE18/ALE19/ALE20/ALE23/ALgr3]
ref_mOTU_v2_0667	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. [C AKL17/ALR17-21]
ref_mOTU_v2_4913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Thioalkalivibrio	Thioalkalivibrio sp. ALSr1
ref_mOTU_v2_3695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Ectothiorhodospiraceae	Acidihalobacter	Acidihalobacter prosperus
ref_mOTU_v2_4495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Chromatiales	Halothiobacillaceae	Halothiobacillus	Halothiobacillus neapolitanus
ref_mOTU_v2_4281	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Polynucleobacter	Polynucleobacter necessarius
ref_mOTU_v2_3931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Polynucleobacter	Polynucleobacter asymbioticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4453	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	beta proteobacterium CB
ref_mOTU_v2_0833	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia fungorum
ref_mOTU_v2_2580	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia ginsengisoli
ref_mOTU_v2_4177	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia phytofirmans
ref_mOTU_v2_1306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia xenovorans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3594	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. 9120
ref_mOTU_v2_0698	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia sp. [C bryophila/caledonica]
ref_mOTU_v2_5254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia dilworthii
ref_mOTU_v2_5239	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. WSM2230
ref_mOTU_v2_1468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. [C CCGE1003/WSM2232]
ref_mOTU_v2_0875	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia phenoliruptrix
ref_mOTU_v2_2973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. URHA0054
ref_mOTU_v2_4922	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia sprentiae
ref_mOTU_v2_1466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. [C CCGE1002/JPY251]
ref_mOTU_v2_1467	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. WSM4176
ref_mOTU_v2_4135	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia phymatum
ref_mOTU_v2_0605	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia sp. [C caribensis/terrae]
ref_mOTU_v2_0835	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia kururiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2579	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia ferrariae
ref_mOTU_v2_2577	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia acidipaludis
ref_mOTU_v2_2578	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia bannensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3694	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia sacchari
ref_mOTU_v2_0164	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia mimosarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0468	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia sp. [C heleia/nodosa]
ref_mOTU_v2_1375	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Caballeronia	Paraburkholderia zhejiangensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1761	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. YI23
ref_mOTU_v2_3495	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Caballeronia	Burkholderia jiangsuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. RPE64
ref_mOTU_v2_1691	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Caballeronia	Paraburkholderia grimmiae
ref_mOTU_v2_3748	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Caballeronia	Paraburkholderia sordidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_0834	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia gladioli
ref_mOTU_v2_4635	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia glumae
ref_mOTU_v2_2459	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. lig30
ref_mOTU_v2_1365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia multivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1116	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia dolosa
ref_mOTU_v2_0097	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia vietnamiensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0099	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. [C ambifaria/cenocepacia/cepacia]
ref_mOTU_v2_0098	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. [C cenocepacia/cepacia/lata/pyrrocinia]
ref_mOTU_v2_5256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia cenocepacia
ref_mOTU_v2_2561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia pyrrocinia
ref_mOTU_v2_3405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. ABCPW 111
ref_mOTU_v2_4042	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia oklahomensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. [C mallei/pseudomallei/thailandensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4749	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderia	Burkholderia sp. JPY347
ref_mOTU_v2_5081	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Paraburkholderia	Paraburkholderia rhizoxinica
ref_mOTU_v2_1687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	candidatus Glomeribacter	candidatus Glomeribacter gigasporarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	candidatus Glomeribacter	Glomeribacter sp. 1016415
ref_mOTU_v2_2511	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Pandoraea	Pandoraea sp. B-6
ref_mOTU_v2_2923	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Pandoraea	Pandoraea sp. SD6-2
ref_mOTU_v2_1110	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Pandoraea	Pandoraea pnomenusa
ref_mOTU_v2_4976	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Ralstonia	Ralstonia sp. PBA
ref_mOTU_v2_2576	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Cupriavidus	Cupriavidus sp. BIS7
ref_mOTU_v2_0743	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Cupriavidus	Cupriavidus metallidurans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Cupriavidus	Cupriavidus necator [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Burkholderiaceae gen. [C Cupriavidus/Ralstonia]	Burkholderiaceae sp. [C Cupriavidus necator/Ralstonia pickettii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0168	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Cupriavidus	Cupriavidus taiwanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4126	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Cupriavidus	Cupriavidus sp. amp6
ref_mOTU_v2_3847	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Cupriavidus	Cupriavidus pinatubonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Cupriavidus	Cupriavidus sp. SK-3
ref_mOTU_v2_0949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Ralstonia	Ralstonia pickettii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2701	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Ralstonia	Ralstonia sp. AU12-08
ref_mOTU_v2_0945	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Ralstonia	Ralstonia solanacearum
ref_mOTU_v2_0129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Ralstonia	Ralstonia solanacearum
ref_mOTU_v2_5008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Ralstonia	Ralstonia solanacearum
ref_mOTU_v2_4931	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia	Massilia consociata
ref_mOTU_v2_0399	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia	Massilia alkalitolerans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2050	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia	Massilia niastensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5094	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia	Massilia timonae
ref_mOTU_v2_3593	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Massilia	Massilia sp. 9096
ref_mOTU_v2_1333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Janthinobacterium	Janthinobacterium lividum
ref_mOTU_v2_1798	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Janthinobacterium	Janthinobacterium lividum
ref_mOTU_v2_3122	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Janthinobacterium	Janthinobacterium agaricidamnosum
ref_mOTU_v2_2347	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Oxalobacteraceae gen. incertae sedis	Oxalobacteraceae bacterium AB_14
ref_mOTU_v2_2487	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Janthinobacterium	Janthinobacterium sp. HH01
ref_mOTU_v2_2802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Duganella	Duganella zoogloeoides
ref_mOTU_v2_3425	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum	Herbaspirillum sp. RV1423
ref_mOTU_v2_2303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum	Herbaspirillum sp. CF444
ref_mOTU_v2_2306	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum	Herbaspirillum sp. YR522
ref_mOTU_v2_5023	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum	Herbaspirillum frisingense
ref_mOTU_v2_0718	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum	Herbaspirillum huttiense [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0896	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum	Herbaspirillum rubrisubalbicans
ref_mOTU_v2_4928	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum	Herbaspirillum seropedicae
ref_mOTU_v2_1557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Collimonas	Collimonas fungivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3880	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Collimonas	Collimonas arenae
ref_mOTU_v2_3762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herminiimonas	Herminiimonas arsenicoxydans
ref_mOTU_v2_4096	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Janthinobacterium	Janthinobacterium sp. Marseille
ref_mOTU_v2_1754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Herbaspirillum	Herbaspirillum massiliense
ref_mOTU_v2_4500	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Oxalobacter	Oxalobacter formigenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4501	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Oxalobacteraceae	Oxalobacter	Oxalobacter formigenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Profftella	candidatus Profftella armatura
meta_mOTU_v2_6964	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Limnobacter	unknown Limnobacter
ref_mOTU_v2_4142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Limnobacter	Limnobacter sp. MED105
ref_mOTU_v2_2843	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax	Acidovorax sp. MR-S7
ref_mOTU_v2_1455	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Alicycliphilus	Alicycliphilus denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_1300	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax	Acidovorax ebreus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1232	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Delftia	Delftia sp. [C acidovorans/tsuruhatensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0840	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonas	Comamonas aquatica
meta_mOTU_v2_6750	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	unknown Comamonadaceae	unknown Comamonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_0100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonas	Comamonas testosteroni
ref_mOTU_v2_1913	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonas	Comamonas composti
ref_mOTU_v2_1912	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonas	Comamonas badia
ref_mOTU_v2_2606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonas	Comamonas granuli
ref_mOTU_v2_2152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Simplicispira	Simplicispira psychrophila
ref_mOTU_v2_4154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Verminephrobacter	Verminephrobacter eiseniae
ref_mOTU_v2_4385	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax	Acidovorax sp. NO-1
ref_mOTU_v2_4070	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax	Acidovorax sp. KKS102
ref_mOTU_v2_1542	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax	Acidovorax radicis
ref_mOTU_v2_2858	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax	Acidovorax sp. JHL-3
ref_mOTU_v2_2859	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax	Acidovorax sp. JHL-9
ref_mOTU_v2_1147	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Acidovorax	Acidovorax sp. [C avenae/citrulli/oryzae]
ref_mOTU_v2_2813	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Curvibacter	Curvibacter lanceolatus
ref_mOTU_v2_5032	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas	Polaromonas glacialis
ref_mOTU_v2_3606	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas	Polaromonas sp. CG9_12
ref_mOTU_v2_4078	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas	Polaromonas naphthalenivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3008	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas	Polaromonas sp. EUR3 1.2.1
ref_mOTU_v2_3915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas	Polaromonas sp. JS666
ref_mOTU_v2_2302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Polaromonas	Polaromonas sp. CF318
ref_mOTU_v2_4628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Rhodoferax	Rhodoferax saidenbachensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4035	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Rhodoferax	Rhodoferax ferrireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_1763	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Limnohabitans	Limnohabitans sp. Rim47
ref_mOTU_v2_1762	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Limnohabitans	Limnohabitans sp. Rim28
ref_mOTU_v2_2301	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax	Variovorax sp. CF313
ref_mOTU_v2_4610	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax	Variovorax paradoxus
ref_mOTU_v2_0628	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax	Variovorax paradoxus
ref_mOTU_v2_2340	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Variovorax	Variovorax paradoxus
ref_mOTU_v2_2217	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Xenophilus	Xenophilus azovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4079	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Ramlibacter	Ramlibacter tataouinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5100	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hylemonella	Hylemonella gracilis
ref_mOTU_v2_3494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hylemonella	Hylemonella gracilis
ref_mOTU_v2_1471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Hydrogenophaga	Hydrogenophaga sp. PBC
ref_mOTU_v2_5253	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	candidatus Symbiobacter	candidatus Symbiobacter mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_1890	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Brachymonas	Brachymonas chironomi
ref_mOTU_v2_3496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Comamonadaceae gen. incertae sedis	Comamonadaceae bacterium H1
ref_mOTU_v2_3278	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria bacterium MOLA814
meta_mOTU_v2_7443	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Ottowia	Ottowia sp. oral taxon 894
ref_mOTU_v2_1539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales fam. incertae sedis	Rubrivivax	Rubrivivax sp. [C benzoatilyticus/gelatinosus]
ref_mOTU_v2_4225	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales fam. incertae sedis	Methylibium	Methylibium petroleiphilum
ref_mOTU_v2_2927	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales fam. incertae sedis	Sphaerotilus	Sphaerotilus natans
ref_mOTU_v2_4163	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales fam. incertae sedis	Leptothrix	Leptothrix cholodnii
ref_mOTU_v2_3653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales fam. incertae sedis	Aquabacterium	Aquabacterium sp. NJ1
ref_mOTU_v2_5021	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales fam. incertae sedis	Burkholderiales gen. incertae sedis	Burkholderiales bacterium JOSHI_001
ref_mOTU_v2_2811	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Comamonadaceae	Caldimonas	Caldimonas manganoxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_2346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales fam. incertae sedis	Thiomonas	Thiomonas sp. FB-Cd
ref_mOTU_v2_2345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales fam. incertae sedis	Thiomonas	Thiomonas sp. FB-6
ref_mOTU_v2_1386	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales fam. incertae sedis	Thiomonas	Thiomonas sp. [C arsenitoxydans/intermedia]
ref_mOTU_v2_2777	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Advenella	Advenella mimigardefordensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Advenella	Advenella kashmirensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Taylorella	Taylorella equigenitalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0092	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Taylorella	Taylorella asinigenitalis
ref_mOTU_v2_3354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Pelistega	Pelistega indica
ref_mOTU_v2_0505	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Oligella	Oligella urethralis
ref_mOTU_v2_2080	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Oligella	Oligella ureolytica
ref_mOTU_v2_1693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Basilea	Basilea psittacipulmonis
ref_mOTU_v2_2678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Pusillimonas	Pusillimonas noertemannii
meta_mOTU_v2_6942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	unknown Alcaligenaceae	unknown Alcaligenaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1568	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Pusillimonas	Pusillimonas sp. T7-7
ref_mOTU_v2_0263	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Alcaligenes	Alcaligenes faecalis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0264	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Alcaligenes	Alcaligenes faecalis
ref_mOTU_v2_2331	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Alcaligenes	Alcaligenes faecalis
ref_mOTU_v2_3410	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Castellaniella	Castellaniella defragrans
ref_mOTU_v2_4939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Achromobacter	Achromobacter xylosoxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_4998	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Achromobacter	Achromobacter xylosoxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_3639	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Achromobacter	Achromobacter sp. RTa
ref_mOTU_v2_4877	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Achromobacter	Achromobacter piechaudii
ref_mOTU_v2_2332	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Achromobacter	Achromobacter piechaudii
ref_mOTU_v2_4325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Achromobacter	Achromobacter arsenitoxydans
ref_mOTU_v2_3244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Achromobacter	Achromobacter sp. DH1f
ref_mOTU_v2_0055	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Achromobacter	Achromobacter sp. [C insuavis/xylosoxidans]
ref_mOTU_v2_5252	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Bordetella	Bordetella petrii
ref_mOTU_v2_0106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Bordetella	Bordetella sp. [C bronchiseptica/parapertussis/pertussis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1356	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Bordetella	Bordetella avium
ref_mOTU_v2_0711	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Bordetella	Bordetella holmesii
ref_mOTU_v2_1065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Bordetella	Bordetella sp. [C hinzii/pseudohinzii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0921	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Bordetella	Bordetella trematum
ref_mOTU_v2_2354	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Alcaligenaceae	Bordetella	Bordetella sp. FB-8
ref_mOTU_v2_5223	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	beta proteobacterium SCGC AAA027-K21
ref_mOTU_v2_0790	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Kinetoplastibacterium	candidatus Kinetoplastibacterium crithidii
ref_mOTU_v2_2539	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Kinetoplastibacterium	candidatus Kinetoplastibacterium desouzaii
ref_mOTU_v2_0791	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Kinetoplastibacterium	Kinetoplastibacterium blastocrithidii
ref_mOTU_v2_2540	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Kinetoplastibacterium	candidatus Kinetoplastibacterium oncopeltii
ref_mOTU_v2_2541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Kinetoplastibacterium	candidatus Kinetoplastibacterium galatii
ref_mOTU_v2_1405	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Parasutterella	Parasutterella excrementihominis [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_7434	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	unknown Burkholderiales	unknown Burkholderiales	unknown Burkholderiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6818	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	unknown Burkholderiales	unknown Burkholderiales	Burkholderiales bacterium YL45
meta_mOTU_v2_7526	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	unknown Sutterella
meta_mOTU_v2_7723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	unknown Sutterella
meta_mOTU_v2_5929	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	unknown Sutterella
meta_mOTU_v2_5857	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	unknown Sutterella
meta_mOTU_v2_7053	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	unknown Sutterellaceae	unknown Sutterellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5393	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	unknown Sutterellaceae	unknown Sutterellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5556	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	unknown Sutterella
meta_mOTU_v2_7614	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	Sutterella sp. CAG:351
meta_mOTU_v2_7305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	Sutterella sp. CAG:351
meta_mOTU_v2_6014	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	unknown Sutterella
meta_mOTU_v2_7030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	unknown Sutterella
meta_mOTU_v2_6907	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	Sutterella parvirubra
ref_mOTU_v2_0767	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	Sutterella wadsworthensis
meta_mOTU_v2_5982	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	unknown Sutterella
meta_mOTU_v2_5677	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	unknown Sutterella
ref_mOTU_v2_4889	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	Sutterella wadsworthensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7446	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	Sutterella sp. CAG:521
meta_mOTU_v2_6213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	Sutterella sp. CAG:521
meta_mOTU_v2_6395	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	Sutterella sp. CAG:521
meta_mOTU_v2_7660	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Sutterellaceae	Sutterella	Sutterella sp. CAG:521
ref_mOTU_v2_5102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Lautropia	Lautropia mirabilis
meta_mOTU_v2_7521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Burkholderiales	Burkholderiaceae	Lautropia	Lautropia mirabilis
meta_mOTU_v2_6841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6489	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7519	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria	unknown Betaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_0472	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Chromobacteriaceae	Chromobacterium	Chromobacterium haemolyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_3820	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Chromobacteriaceae	Chromobacterium	Chromobacterium violaceum
ref_mOTU_v2_2653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	beta proteobacterium L13
ref_mOTU_v2_1325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Chromobacteriaceae	Pseudogulbenkiania	Pseudogulbenkiania ferrooxidans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_5282	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Chromobacteriaceae	Pseudogulbenkiania	Pseudogulbenkiania sp. MAI-1
ref_mOTU_v2_0499	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Chromobacteriaceae	Laribacter	Laribacter hongkongensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Chromobacteriaceae	Microvirgula	Microvirgula aerodenitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_1868	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Chromobacteriaceae	Aquaspirillum	Aquaspirillum serpens
ref_mOTU_v2_0360	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria sp. [C macacae/sicca]
ref_mOTU_v2_4464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria mucosa
ref_mOTU_v2_4672	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria sp. oral taxon 014
ref_mOTU_v2_4463	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria flavescens
ref_mOTU_v2_0262	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria meningitidis
ref_mOTU_v2_1302	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria gonorrhoeae
ref_mOTU_v2_1412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria lactamica
ref_mOTU_v2_4465	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria polysaccharea
ref_mOTU_v2_4461	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria cinerea
ref_mOTU_v2_1389	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria mucosa
ref_mOTU_v2_4615	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria flavescens
ref_mOTU_v2_4466	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria subflava
ref_mOTU_v2_2244	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria sp. oral taxon 020
ref_mOTU_v2_5114	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria bacilliformis
ref_mOTU_v2_4462	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria elongata
ref_mOTU_v2_1588	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria wadsworthii
ref_mOTU_v2_0228	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria weaveri
ref_mOTU_v2_3629	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Kingella	Kingella sp. Sch538
ref_mOTU_v2_0638	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Kingella	Kingella kingae
ref_mOTU_v2_1863	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Alysiella	Alysiella crassa
ref_mOTU_v2_4671	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Simonsiella	Simonsiella muelleri
meta_mOTU_v2_6636	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	unknown Neisseriaceae	unknown Neisseriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_5113	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Kingella	Kingella denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_4641	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Kingella	Kingella oralis
ref_mOTU_v2_1915	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Conchiformibius	Conchiformibius steedae
ref_mOTU_v2_1914	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Conchiformibius	Conchiformibius kuhniae
meta_mOTU_v2_7171	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	unknown Neisseriaceae	unknown Neisseriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4470	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Eikenella	Eikenella corrodens
ref_mOTU_v2_1695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Eikenella	Eikenella corrodens
ref_mOTU_v2_1591	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Neisseria	Neisseria shayeganii
ref_mOTU_v2_2471	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Snodgrassella	Snodgrassella alvi
ref_mOTU_v2_0752	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Snodgrassella	Snodgrassella alvi
ref_mOTU_v2_3418	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Snodgrassella	Snodgrassella alvi
ref_mOTU_v2_2165	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Stenoxybacter	Stenoxybacter acetivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2213	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Neisseriaceae	Vitreoscilla	Vitreoscilla stercoraria
meta_mOTU_v2_7626	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	unknown Neisseriales	unknown Neisseriales	unknown Neisseriales
meta_mOTU_v2_6597	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	unknown Neisseriales	unknown Neisseriales	unknown Neisseriales
ref_mOTU_v2_1900	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Chromobacteriaceae	Chitiniphilus	Chitiniphilus shinanonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1867	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Chromobacteriaceae	Andreprevotia	Andreprevotia chitinilytica
ref_mOTU_v2_2026	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Neisseriales	Chromobacteriaceae	Leeia	Leeia oryzae
ref_mOTU_v2_2209	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Uliginosibacterium	Uliginosibacterium gangwonense
ref_mOTU_v2_5270	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Methyloversatilis	Methyloversatilis discipulorum
ref_mOTU_v2_0433	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Methyloversatilis	Methyloversatilis discipulorum
ref_mOTU_v2_0002	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Methyloversatilis	Methyloversatilis universalis
ref_mOTU_v2_5303	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Methyloversatilis	Methyloversatilis universalis
ref_mOTU_v2_1817	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Methyloversatilis	Methyloversatilis thermotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_2188	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Hydrogenophilales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Tepidiphilus	Tepidiphilus margaritifer
ref_mOTU_v2_4936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Aromatoleum	Aromatoleum aromaticum
ref_mOTU_v2_4911	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Azoarcus	Azoarcus sp. KH32C
ref_mOTU_v2_2803	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Azoarcus	Azoarcus toluclasticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3118	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Thauera	Thauera terpenica
ref_mOTU_v2_0537	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Thauera	Thauera linaloolentis
ref_mOTU_v2_4358	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Thauera	Thauera sp. 63
ref_mOTU_v2_1335	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Thauera	Thauera sp. [C 27/28]
ref_mOTU_v2_4995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Thauera	Thauera sp. MZ1T
ref_mOTU_v2_4640	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Azoarcus	Azoarcus sp. BH72
ref_mOTU_v2_1881	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Azovibrio	Azovibrio restrictus
ref_mOTU_v2_3692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Dechloromonas	Dechloromonas aromatica
ref_mOTU_v2_3004	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Dechloromonas	Dechloromonas agitata
ref_mOTU_v2_4665	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Rhodocyclales	Rhodocyclaceae	Azospira	Azospira oryzae
ref_mOTU_v2_3482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Accumulibacter	candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-92
ref_mOTU_v2_3483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Accumulibacter	candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-93
ref_mOTU_v2_4409	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Accumulibacter	candidatus Accumulibacter phosphatis
ref_mOTU_v2_3479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Accumulibacter	candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-02
ref_mOTU_v2_3491	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Accumulibacter	candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-01
ref_mOTU_v2_3480	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Accumulibacter	candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-11
ref_mOTU_v2_3481	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Accumulibacter	candidatus Accumulibacter sp. SK-12
ref_mOTU_v2_3484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Betaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Accumulibacter	candidatus Accumulibacter sp. BA-94
ref_mOTU_v2_2267	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera	Methylotenera mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_3599	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera	Methylotenera sp. L2L1
ref_mOTU_v2_4566	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera	Methylotenera mobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_4741	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera	Methylotenera versatilis
ref_mOTU_v2_0412	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera	Methylotenera sp. 73s
ref_mOTU_v2_1802	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylophilus	Methylophilus sp. 5
ref_mOTU_v2_0404	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylophilus	Methylophilus sp. [C 1/OH31]
ref_mOTU_v2_2062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylophilus	Methylophilus methylotrophus
ref_mOTU_v2_0370	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylotenera	Methylotenera sp. 1P/1
ref_mOTU_v2_2735	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylobacillus	Methylobacillus glycogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_3850	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylobacillus	Methylobacillus flagellatus
ref_mOTU_v2_1449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilaceae	Methylovorus	Methylovorus glucosotrophus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4115	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilales fam. incertae sedis	Methylophilales gen. incertae sedis [OM43]	Methylophilales bacterium HTCC2181
meta_mOTU_v2_6274	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales
meta_mOTU_v2_6587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales
meta_mOTU_v2_5587	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales
ref_mOTU_v2_3963	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Methylophilales	Methylophilales fam. incertae sedis	Methylophilales gen. incertae sedis [OM43]	beta proteobacterium KB13
meta_mOTU_v2_5518	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales	unknown Nitrosomonadales
ref_mOTU_v2_4558	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Gallionellales	Gallionellaceae	Sideroxydans	Sideroxydans lithotrophicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4162	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Gallionellales	Gallionellaceae	Gallionella	Gallionella capsiferriformans
ref_mOTU_v2_3561	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Gallionellales	Gallionellaceae	Ferriphaselus	Ferriphaselus sp. R-1
ref_mOTU_v2_4028	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas	Nitrosomonas eutropha
ref_mOTU_v2_3795	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas	Nitrosomonas europaea
ref_mOTU_v2_2258	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas	Nitrosomonas cryotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_3658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas	Nitrosomonas sp. AL212
ref_mOTU_v2_3841	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosomonas	Nitrosomonas sp. Is79A3
ref_mOTU_v2_2938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosospira	Nitrosospira lacus
ref_mOTU_v2_4005	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosospira	Nitrosospira multiformis
ref_mOTU_v2_2828	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	Nitrosomonadaceae	Nitrosospira	Nitrosospira briensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7362	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Nitrosomonadales	Nitrosomonadaceae	unknown Nitrosomonadaceae	unknown Nitrosomonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2368	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Sulfuricellales	Sulfuricellaceae	Sulfuricella	Sulfuricella denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_2204	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Hydrogenophilales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Thiobacillus	Thiobacillus thioparus
ref_mOTU_v2_2203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Hydrogenophilales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Thiobacillus	Thiobacillus denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_3905	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Betaproteobacteria	Hydrogenophilales	Hydrogenophilaceae	Thiobacillus	Thiobacillus denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_1793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Ignatzschineria	Ignatzschineria larvae
ref_mOTU_v2_0543	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Gammaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Wohlfahrtiimonas	Wohlfahrtiimonas chitiniclastica
ref_mOTU_v2_0832	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Dyella	Dyella japonica
ref_mOTU_v2_3154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Dyella	Dyella jiangningensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2695	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Dyella	Dyella ginsengisoli
ref_mOTU_v2_1704	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter	Rhodanobacter sp. OR444
ref_mOTU_v2_2367	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter	Rhodanobacter thiooxydans
ref_mOTU_v2_0297	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter	Rhodanobacter denitrificans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter	Rhodanobacter spathiphylli
ref_mOTU_v2_2366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rhodanobacter	Rhodanobacter fulvus
ref_mOTU_v2_4962	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Frateuria	Frateuria aurantia
ref_mOTU_v2_3664	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Oleiagrimonas	Oleiagrimonas soli
ref_mOTU_v2_1257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Luteibacter	Luteibacter sp. 9143
ref_mOTU_v2_3592	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Luteibacter	Luteibacter sp. 9135
ref_mOTU_v2_2132	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Rhodanobacteraceae	Rudaea	Rudaea cellulosilytica
ref_mOTU_v2_0316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas sp. [C alfalfae/perforans/euvesicatoria/axonopodis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0315	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas axonopodis
ref_mOTU_v2_0317	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas sp. [C campestris/fuscans/citri/axonopodis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas oryzae
ref_mOTU_v2_4009	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas axonopodis
ref_mOTU_v2_0333	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas sp. [C campestris/vasicola]
ref_mOTU_v2_2595	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas cassavae
ref_mOTU_v2_5153	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas vesicatoria
ref_mOTU_v2_3679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas cannabis
ref_mOTU_v2_5020	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas hortorum
ref_mOTU_v2_1030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas arboricola
ref_mOTU_v2_2257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas fragariae
ref_mOTU_v2_0723	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas campestris
ref_mOTU_v2_2516	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas translucens
ref_mOTU_v2_4106	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xanthomonas	Xanthomonas albilineans
ref_mOTU_v2_0796	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xylella	Xylella fastidiosa
ref_mOTU_v2_3431	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Xylella	Xylella taiwanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Proteobacteria class [C Gammaproteobacteria/Alphaproteobacteria]	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas	Stenotrophomonas maltophilia [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0364	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas	Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ref_mOTU_v2_1142	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas	Stenotrophomonas maltophilia [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1827	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas	Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ref_mOTU_v2_3778	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas	Stenotrophomonas rhizophila
ref_mOTU_v2_2545	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Stenotrophomonas	Stenotrophomonas maltophilia
ref_mOTU_v2_1653	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas	Pseudoxanthomonas spadix
ref_mOTU_v2_1535	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas	Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas	Pseudoxanthomonas suwonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0794	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Pseudoxanthomonas	Pseudoxanthomonas sp. [C GW2/J31]
ref_mOTU_v2_5145	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Lysobacter	Lysobacter arseniciresistens
ref_mOTU_v2_3205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Lysobacter	Lysobacter defluvii
ref_mOTU_v2_2039	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Lysobacter	Lysobacter concretionis
ref_mOTU_v2_4993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Lysobacter	Lysobacter antibioticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Lysobacter	Lysobacter capsici
ref_mOTU_v2_3206	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Lysobacter	Lysobacter daejeonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2975	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Lysobacter	Lysobacter sp. URHA0019
ref_mOTU_v2_2986	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Lysobacter	Lysobacter dokdonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2038	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Luteimonas	Luteimonas mephitis
ref_mOTU_v2_2199	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Thermomonas	Thermomonas fusca
ref_mOTU_v2_5203	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Luteimonas	Luteimonas sp. J29
ref_mOTU_v2_3417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Luteimonas	Luteimonas huabeiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Arenimonas	Arenimonas malthae
ref_mOTU_v2_1872	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Arenimonas	Arenimonas donghaensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3195	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Arenimonas	Arenimonas metalli
ref_mOTU_v2_0448	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Arenimonas	Arenimonas composti
ref_mOTU_v2_0449	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Arenimonas	Arenimonas oryziterrae
ref_mOTU_v2_2151	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Xanthomonadales	Xanthomonadaceae	Silanimonas	Silanimonas lenta
ref_mOTU_v2_3366	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nevskiales	Algiphilaceae	Algiphilus	Algiphilus aromaticivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3365	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nevskiales	Sinobacteraceae	Polycyclovorans	Polycyclovorans algicola
ref_mOTU_v2_0530	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nevskiales	Sinobacteraceae	Solimonas	Solimonas flava
ref_mOTU_v2_0529	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nevskiales	Sinobacteraceae	Solimonas	Solimonas variicoloris
ref_mOTU_v2_2154	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nevskiales	Sinobacteraceae	Solimonas	Solimonas soli
ref_mOTU_v2_2391	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nevskiales	Sinobacteraceae	Hydrocarboniphaga	Hydrocarboniphaga effusa
ref_mOTU_v2_2072	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nevskiales	Sinobacteraceae	Nevskia	Nevskia ramosa
ref_mOTU_v2_2073	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Nevskiales	Sinobacteraceae	Nevskia	Nevskia soli
ref_mOTU_v2_2995	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Salinisphaerales	Salinisphaeraceae	Salinisphaera	Salinisphaera hydrothermalis
meta_mOTU_v2_5557	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Salinisphaerales	Salinisphaeraceae	Salinisphaera	Salinisphaera shabanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1604	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Salinisphaerales	Salinisphaeraceae	Salinisphaera	Salinisphaera shabanensis
meta_mOTU_v2_5342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cardiobacteriales	Cardiobacteriaceae	Cardiobacterium	unknown Cardiobacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_4658	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cardiobacteriales	Cardiobacteriaceae	Cardiobacterium	Cardiobacterium hominis
meta_mOTU_v2_5524	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cardiobacteriales	Cardiobacteriaceae	Cardiobacterium	Cardiobacterium valvarum
ref_mOTU_v2_4984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cardiobacteriales	Cardiobacteriaceae	Cardiobacterium	Cardiobacterium valvarum
ref_mOTU_v2_3826	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	Cardiobacteriales	Cardiobacteriaceae	Dichelobacter	Dichelobacter nodosus
meta_mOTU_v2_5549	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6185	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6357	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7060	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5688	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6678	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6325	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7336	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5469	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5617	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5527	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5424	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_1279	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Acidithiobacillia	Acidithiobacillales	Acidithiobacillaceae	Acidithiobacillus	Acidithiobacillus ferrivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1304	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Acidithiobacillia	Acidithiobacillales	Acidithiobacillaceae	Acidithiobacillus	Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_1173	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Acidithiobacillia	Acidithiobacillales	Acidithiobacillaceae	Acidithiobacillus	Acidithiobacillus thiooxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_1464	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Acidithiobacillia	Acidithiobacillales	Acidithiobacillaceae	Acidithiobacillus	Acidithiobacillus caldus
ref_mOTU_v2_2194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Acidithiobacillia	Acidithiobacillales	Thermithiobacillaceae	Thermithiobacillus	Thermithiobacillus tepidarius
ref_mOTU_v2_3683	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Magnetococcales	Magnetococcaceae	Magnetococcus	Magnetococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_0731	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria	Mariprofundales	Mariprofundaceae	Mariprofundus	Mariprofundus ferrooxydans
ref_mOTU_v2_2254	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Zetaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Zetaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	zeta proteobacterium SCGC AB-133-C04
ref_mOTU_v2_2256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Zetaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Zetaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	zeta proteobacterium SCGC AB-137-I08
ref_mOTU_v2_3562	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Zetaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Zetaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	Zetaproteobacteria bacterium TAG-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria	Zetaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Zetaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Zetaproteobacteria gen. incertae sedis	zeta proteobacterium SCGC AB-137-C09
ref_mOTU_v2_4342	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	Myxococcus	Myxococcus fulvus
ref_mOTU_v2_2969	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	Myxococcus	Myxococcus hansupus
ref_mOTU_v2_0757	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	Myxococcus	Myxococcus xanthus
ref_mOTU_v2_2861	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	Myxococcus	Myxococcus stipitatus
ref_mOTU_v2_2293	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Myxococcaceae	Corallococcus	Corallococcus coralloides
ref_mOTU_v2_2754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Cystobacteraceae	Cystobacter	Cystobacter fuscus
ref_mOTU_v2_1296	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Myxococcales fam. incertae sedis	Enhygromyxa	Enhygromyxa salina
ref_mOTU_v2_4104	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Cystobacteraceae	Stigmatella	Stigmatella aurantiaca
ref_mOTU_v2_1329	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Anaeromyxobacteraceae	Anaeromyxobacter	Anaeromyxobacter dehalogenans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Anaeromyxobacteraceae	Anaeromyxobacter	Anaeromyxobacter sp. Fw109-5
ref_mOTU_v2_4019	Bacteria	Nitrospirae	Nitrospira	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Nitrospira	Nitrospira defluvii
meta_mOTU_v2_7090	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3717	Bacteria	Nitrospirae	Nitrospira	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Leptospirillum	Leptospirillum ferriphilum
ref_mOTU_v2_0208	Bacteria	Nitrospirae	Nitrospira	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Leptospirillum	Leptospirillum ferriphilum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2362	Bacteria	Nitrospirae	Nitrospira	Nitrospirales	Nitrospiraceae	Leptospirillum	Leptospirillum ferrooxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_4757	Bacteria	candidate division NC10	candidate division NC10 class incertae sedis	candidate division NC10 order incertae sedis	candidate division NC10 fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Methylomirabilis	candidatus Methylomirabilis oxyfera
ref_mOTU_v2_4346	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfohalobiaceae	Desulfohalobium	Desulfohalobium retbaense
ref_mOTU_v2_1943	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfohalobiaceae	Desulfonatronovibrio	Desulfonatronovibrio hydrogenovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4496	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfohalobiaceae	Desulfonatronospira	Desulfonatronospira thiodismutans
ref_mOTU_v2_3156	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfohalobiaceae	Desulfonauticus	Desulfonauticus sp. A7A
ref_mOTU_v2_1948	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfohalobiaceae	Desulfovermiculus	Desulfovermiculus halophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3693	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfonatronaceae	Desulfonatronum	Desulfonatronum thiodismutans
ref_mOTU_v2_5205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfonatronaceae	Desulfonatronum	Desulfonatronum lacustre
ref_mOTU_v2_1394	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio sp. [C 3_1_syn3/6_1_46AFAA]
ref_mOTU_v2_4417	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio desulfuricans
ref_mOTU_v2_1954	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio desulfuricans
ref_mOTU_v2_4205	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio piger
meta_mOTU_v2_6908	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio sp. An276
meta_mOTU_v2_5993	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	unknown Desulfovibrio
meta_mOTU_v2_5632	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Mailhella	Mailhella massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1149	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Bilophila	Bilophila wadsworthia [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0892	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Lawsonia	Lawsonia intracellularis
ref_mOTU_v2_1953	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio cuneatus
ref_mOTU_v2_5082	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio vulgaris
ref_mOTU_v2_3919	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio sp. A2
ref_mOTU_v2_1363	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio vulgaris
ref_mOTU_v2_0483	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio sp. [C acrylicus/desulfuricans]
ref_mOTU_v2_3764	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio alaskensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1941	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfocurvus	Desulfocurvus vexinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5235	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio sp. X2
ref_mOTU_v2_1950	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio alkalitolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_3017	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio sp. L21-Syr-AB
ref_mOTU_v2_0484	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio africanus
meta_mOTU_v2_6532	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	unknown Desulfovibrio
ref_mOTU_v2_3048	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio piezophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_4673	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio desulfuricans
ref_mOTU_v2_4679	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio aespoeensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1958	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio oxyclinae
ref_mOTU_v2_1951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio aminophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_1957	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio longus
ref_mOTU_v2_4435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio salexigens
ref_mOTU_v2_0486	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio hydrothermalis
ref_mOTU_v2_1955	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio frigidus
ref_mOTU_v2_1952	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio bastinii
ref_mOTU_v2_4541	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio magneticus
ref_mOTU_v2_2999	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio magneticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4692	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio sp. FW1012B
ref_mOTU_v2_4613	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio sp. U5L
ref_mOTU_v2_4612	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio fructosivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1949	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio alcoholivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_0485	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfovibrionaceae	Desulfovibrio	Desulfovibrio gigas
ref_mOTU_v2_1942	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfomicrobiaceae	Desulfomicrobium	Desulfomicrobium escambiense
ref_mOTU_v2_4428	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfovibrionales	Desulfomicrobiaceae	Desulfomicrobium	Desulfomicrobium baculatum
ref_mOTU_v2_4842	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Syntrophobacterales	Syntrophaceae	Desulfomonile	Desulfomonile tiedjei
ref_mOTU_v2_4586	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfurivibrio	Desulfurivibrio alkaliphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_1939	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbus	Desulfobulbus japonicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4555	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbus	Desulfobulbus propionicus
ref_mOTU_v2_3715	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfotalea	Desulfotalea psychrophila
ref_mOTU_v2_3646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfobulbus	Desulfobulbus sp. Tol-SR
ref_mOTU_v2_2376	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobulbaceae	Desulfocapsa	Desulfocapsa sulfexigens
ref_mOTU_v2_4685	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfarculales	Desulfarculaceae	Desulfarculus	Desulfarculus baarsii
ref_mOTU_v2_5071	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Syntrophobacterales	Syntrophaceae	Desulfobacca	Desulfobacca acetoxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_1938	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfatiglans	Desulfatiglans anilini
ref_mOTU_v2_4030	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Syntrophobacterales	Syntrophobacteraceae	Syntrophobacter	Syntrophobacter fumaroxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_5065	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacter	Desulfobacter postgatei
ref_mOTU_v2_1937	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacter	Desulfobacter vibrioformis
ref_mOTU_v2_1936	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacter	Desulfobacter curvatus
ref_mOTU_v2_2814	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfospira	Desulfospira joergensenii
ref_mOTU_v2_4710	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacula	Desulfobacula toluolica
ref_mOTU_v2_2687	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacula	Desulfobacula sp. TS
ref_mOTU_v2_0994	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfotignum	Desulfotignum sp. [C balticum/phosphitoxidans]
ref_mOTU_v2_3714	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfobacterium	Desulfobacterium autotrophicum
ref_mOTU_v2_3006	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulforegula	Desulforegula conservatrix
ref_mOTU_v2_3057	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta	Spirochaeta sp. JC202
ref_mOTU_v2_5194	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfosarcina	Desulfosarcina sp. BuS5
meta_mOTU_v2_5896	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	unknown Desulfobacteraceae	unknown Desulfobacteraceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1940	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfococcus	Desulfococcus multivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_0482	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfatibacillum	Desulfatibacillum sp. [C aliphaticivorans/alkenivorans]
ref_mOTU_v2_5257	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfobacterales	Desulfobacteraceae	Desulfococcus	Desulfococcus oleovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1251	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Syntrophobacterales	Syntrophaceae	Smithella	Smithella sp. [C D17/SCADC]
ref_mOTU_v2_4521	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Syntrophobacterales	Syntrophaceae	Syntrophus	Syntrophus aciditrophicus
ref_mOTU_v2_5136	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Syntrophobacterales	Syntrophorhabdaceae	Syntrophorhabdus	Syntrophorhabdus aromaticivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2236	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria order incertae sedis	Deltaproteobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Deferrisoma	Deferrisoma camini
ref_mOTU_v2_1316	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Geobacteraceae	Geobacter	Geobacter metallireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_1305	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Geobacteraceae	Geobacter	Geobacter sulfurreducens
ref_mOTU_v2_4062	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Geobacteraceae	Geobacter	Geobacter uraniireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_3973	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Geobacteraceae	Geobacter	Geobacter daltonii
ref_mOTU_v2_1027	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Geobacteraceae	Geobacter	Geobacter sp. [C bemidjiensis/bremensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4256	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Geobacteraceae	Geobacter	Geobacter sp. M21
ref_mOTU_v2_4255	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Geobacteraceae	Geobacter	Geobacter sp. M18
ref_mOTU_v2_4181	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Geobacteraceae	Geobacter	Geobacter lovleyi
ref_mOTU_v2_4034	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Desulfuromonadaceae	Pelobacter	Pelobacter propionicus
ref_mOTU_v2_2093	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Desulfuromonadaceae	Pelobacter	Pelobacter seleniigenes
ref_mOTU_v2_1984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Geobacteraceae	Geopsychrobacter	Geopsychrobacter electrodiphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2682	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Desulfuromonadaceae	Desulfuromonas	Desulfuromonas sp. TF
ref_mOTU_v2_4033	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Desulfuromonadaceae	Pelobacter	Pelobacter carbinolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_3884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Desulfuromonadales	Desulfuromonadaceae	Desulfuromonas	Desulfuromonas acetoxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_5147	Bacteria	Nitrospinae	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina	Nitrospina sp. SCGC AAA288-L16
ref_mOTU_v2_2251	Bacteria	Nitrospinae	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina	Nitrospina sp. AB-629-B18
meta_mOTU_v2_5662	Bacteria	Nitrospinae	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina	Nitrospina gracilis
meta_mOTU_v2_7423	Bacteria	Nitrospinae	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina	unknown Nitrospina
meta_mOTU_v2_7438	Bacteria	Nitrospinae	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina	unknown Nitrospina
ref_mOTU_v2_2825	Bacteria	Nitrospinae	Nitrospinia	Nitrospinales	Nitrospinaceae	Nitrospina	Nitrospina gracilis
meta_mOTU_v2_6917	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_4713	Bacteria	Chrysiogenetes	Chrysiogenetes	Chrysiogenales	Chrysiogenaceae	Desulfurispirillum	Desulfurispirillum indicum
ref_mOTU_v2_2426	Bacteria	Chrysiogenetes	Chrysiogenetes	Chrysiogenales	Chrysiogenaceae	Chrysiogenes	Chrysiogenes arsenatis
ref_mOTU_v2_1965	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Enterorhabdus	Enterorhabdus mucosicola
ref_mOTU_v2_2706	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Enterorhabdus	Enterorhabdus caecimuris
ref_mOTU_v2_3198	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Adlercreutzia	Adlercreutzia equolifaciens
meta_mOTU_v2_5873	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_0642	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella	Eggerthella lenta [C Clostridioides difficile]
ref_mOTU_v2_4373	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella	Eggerthella sp. YY7918
meta_mOTU_v2_6998	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella	unknown Eggerthella
meta_mOTU_v2_6330	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella	unknown Eggerthella
meta_mOTU_v2_6437	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6247	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella	unknown Eggerthella
meta_mOTU_v2_7512	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella	unknown Eggerthella
meta_mOTU_v2_7693	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella	unknown Eggerthella
meta_mOTU_v2_7082	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella	unknown Eggerthella
meta_mOTU_v2_6312	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella	Eggerthella sp. CAG:368
meta_mOTU_v2_5666	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5975	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Eggerthella	Eggerthella sp. CAG:298
meta_mOTU_v2_5859	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5869	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Phoenicibacter	Phoenicibacter massiliensis
meta_mOTU_v2_6097	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6473	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	unknown Coriobacteriales	unknown Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriales bacterium DNF00809
ref_mOTU_v2_4307	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Cryptobacterium	Cryptobacterium curtum
ref_mOTU_v2_1606	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Senegalimassilia	Senegalimassilia anaerobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6813	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4888	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Slackia	Slackia piriformis
meta_mOTU_v2_5373	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae	unknown Eggerthellaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4319	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Slackia	Slackia heliotrinireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_0397	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	Eggerthellaceae	Slackia	Slackia exigua [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6052	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Eggerthellales	unknown Eggerthellales	unknown Eggerthellales	unknown Eggerthellales
meta_mOTU_v2_6772	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Collinsella	unknown Collinsella
ref_mOTU_v2_1824	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Enorma	Enorma massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0881	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Coriobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Coriobacteriaceae bacterium GD5
ref_mOTU_v2_4269	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Collinsella	Collinsella stercoris
ref_mOTU_v2_4400	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Collinsella	Collinsella intestinalis
ref_mOTU_v2_4884	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Collinsella	Collinsella tanakaei
meta_mOTU_v2_7573	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Collinsella	unknown Collinsella
ref_mOTU_v2_1383	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Collinsella	Collinsella aerofaciens [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_5489	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Collinsella	unknown Collinsella
ref_mOTU_v2_4833	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Coriobacterium	Coriobacterium glomerans
ref_mOTU_v2_4485	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium	Atopobium rimae
ref_mOTU_v2_2508	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium	Atopobium sp. oral taxon 199
meta_mOTU_v2_6102	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium	unknown Atopobium
ref_mOTU_v2_0741	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium	Atopobium parvulum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4404	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium	Atopobium parvulum
meta_mOTU_v2_7724	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Olsenella	unknown Olsenella
meta_mOTU_v2_6420	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Olsenella	unknown Olsenella
meta_mOTU_v2_7727	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Olsenella	unknown Olsenella
meta_mOTU_v2_6460	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Olsenella	unknown Olsenella
meta_mOTU_v2_6622	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	unknown Atopobiaceae	unknown Atopobiaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6458	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	unknown Atopobiaceae	unknown Atopobiaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1786	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Coriobacteriaceae	Coriobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Coriobacteriaceae bacterium BV3Ac1
ref_mOTU_v2_3039	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium	Atopobium sp. oral taxon 810
meta_mOTU_v2_6666	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium	Atopobium vaginae
ref_mOTU_v2_5035	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium	Atopobium vaginae
ref_mOTU_v2_1421	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium	Atopobium vaginae
meta_mOTU_v2_7105	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	unknown Atopobiaceae	unknown Atopobiaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_0392	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Atopobium	Atopobium minutum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2234	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Olsenella	Olsenella profusa
meta_mOTU_v2_6361	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Olsenella	Olsenella sp. oral taxon 807
ref_mOTU_v2_0742	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Olsenella	Olsenella uli
ref_mOTU_v2_4726	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Olsenella	Olsenella sp. oral taxon 809
meta_mOTU_v2_5365	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	unknown Atopobiaceae	unknown Atopobiaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7274	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3607	Bacteria	Bacteria phylum incertae sedis	Bacteria class incertae sedis	Bacteria order incertae sedis	Bacteria fam. incertae sedis	Bacteria gen. incertae sedis	bacterium OL-1
meta_mOTU_v2_5543	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Libanicoccus	Libanicoccus massiliensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7516	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Coriobacteriia	Coriobacteriales	Atopobiaceae	Libanicoccus	Libanicoccus massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1969	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Acidimicrobiia	Acidimicrobiales	Acidimicrobiaceae	Ferrimicrobium	Ferrimicrobium acidiphilum
ref_mOTU_v2_4432	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Acidimicrobiia	Acidimicrobiales	Acidimicrobiaceae	Acidimicrobium	Acidimicrobium ferrooxidans
meta_mOTU_v2_6960	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5673	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G1
meta_mOTU_v2_6323	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G1
meta_mOTU_v2_6685	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G1
meta_mOTU_v2_5600	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6167	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6547	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2B
meta_mOTU_v2_7238	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7704	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7635	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6733	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6862	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7017	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2B
meta_mOTU_v2_6209	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6568	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6809	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria bacterium IMCC26207
meta_mOTU_v2_6754	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2B
meta_mOTU_v2_6283	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6843	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3023	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Acidimicrobiia	Acidimicrobiales	Acidimicrobiaceae	Ilumatobacter	Ilumatobacter coccineus
ref_mOTU_v2_0878	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Acidimicrobiia	Acidimicrobiales	Microthrixaceae	candidatus Microthrix	candidatus Microthrix parvicella
meta_mOTU_v2_7399	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
meta_mOTU_v2_7178	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
meta_mOTU_v2_5473	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
meta_mOTU_v2_5956	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
meta_mOTU_v2_6408	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
meta_mOTU_v2_6053	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
meta_mOTU_v2_7075	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
meta_mOTU_v2_7212	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
meta_mOTU_v2_6658	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
meta_mOTU_v2_6921	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
meta_mOTU_v2_7619	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G3
ref_mOTU_v2_0139	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia polyisoprenivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1726	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia sputi
ref_mOTU_v2_2603	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia aichiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2611	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia soli
ref_mOTU_v2_1779	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia rhizosphera
ref_mOTU_v2_4437	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia bronchialis
ref_mOTU_v2_0843	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia amicalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0115	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia sp. [C namibiensis/rubripertincta]
ref_mOTU_v2_0114	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia alkanivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1046	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia terrae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0326	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia terrae
ref_mOTU_v2_2609	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia paraffinivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1701	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia amarae
ref_mOTU_v2_1708	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia effusa
ref_mOTU_v2_2610	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia sihwensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4688	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia neofelifaecis
ref_mOTU_v2_1990	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia shandongensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2608	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia malaquae
ref_mOTU_v2_0495	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia hirsuta
ref_mOTU_v2_1696	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia araii
ref_mOTU_v2_2388	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia sp. 348MFTsu5.1
ref_mOTU_v2_1035	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order [C Corynebacteriales/Streptomycetales]	Actinobacteria fam. [C Williamsiaceae/Streptomycetaceae]	Actinobacteria gen. [C Williamsia/Kitasatospora]	Actinobacteria sp. [C Williamsia sp. D3/Kitasatospora arboriphila]
ref_mOTU_v2_4304	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Gordoniaceae	Gordonia	Gordonia kroppenstedtii
ref_mOTU_v2_2322	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Tsukamurellaceae	Tsukamurella	Tsukamurella sp. 1534
ref_mOTU_v2_4405	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Tsukamurellaceae	Tsukamurella	Tsukamurella paurometabola
ref_mOTU_v2_0839	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus equi
ref_mOTU_v2_3049	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus defluvii
ref_mOTU_v2_0300	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus sp. [C erythropolis/qingshengii]
ref_mOTU_v2_3723	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus rhodochrous
ref_mOTU_v2_0105	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus sp. [C imtechensis/jostii/opacus/wratislaviensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4647	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus opacus
ref_mOTU_v2_2862	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus triatomae
ref_mOTU_v2_3447	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus sp. UNC363MFTsu5.1
ref_mOTU_v2_2847	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus rhodnii
ref_mOTU_v2_0925	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus ruber
ref_mOTU_v2_1023	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus sp. [C aetherivorans/rhodochrous]
ref_mOTU_v2_0408	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus pyridinivorans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2842	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus sp. AW25M09
ref_mOTU_v2_3423	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus fascians
ref_mOTU_v2_3424	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus fascians
ref_mOTU_v2_1193	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus fascians
ref_mOTU_v2_0229	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus fascians [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0227	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus fascians [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3446	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus sp. UNC23MFCrub1.1
ref_mOTU_v2_2241	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia cyriacigeorgica
ref_mOTU_v2_2519	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia brevicatena
ref_mOTU_v2_2524	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia paucivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4233	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia rhamnosiphila
ref_mOTU_v2_2527	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia testacea
ref_mOTU_v2_0783	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia carnea
ref_mOTU_v2_2383	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia sp. CNY236
ref_mOTU_v2_2518	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia abscessus
ref_mOTU_v2_2526	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia pneumoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_2520	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia exalbida
ref_mOTU_v2_0578	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia brasiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3830	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia farcinica
ref_mOTU_v2_2521	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia higoensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2525	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia takedensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0389	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia asteroides
ref_mOTU_v2_2530	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia transvalensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1679	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia sp. BMG51109
ref_mOTU_v2_3355	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia nova
ref_mOTU_v2_2529	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia veterana
ref_mOTU_v2_0782	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia aobensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2355	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia sp. BMG111209
ref_mOTU_v2_2522	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia jiangxiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2523	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia niigatensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2528	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia concava
ref_mOTU_v2_0784	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Nocardia	Nocardia otitidiscaviarum
ref_mOTU_v2_2153	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Smaragdicoccus	Smaragdicoccus niigatensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3720	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium farcinogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4473	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium vulneris
ref_mOTU_v2_0800	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium fortuitum
ref_mOTU_v2_3092	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium septicum
ref_mOTU_v2_2978	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. URHD0025
ref_mOTU_v2_2341	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. 155
ref_mOTU_v2_1831	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. 141
ref_mOTU_v2_3148	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. UM_WWY
ref_mOTU_v2_2544	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium mageritense
ref_mOTU_v2_0805	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium smegmatis
ref_mOTU_v2_1353	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. [C austroafricanum/vanbaalenii]
ref_mOTU_v2_2467	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium vaccae
ref_mOTU_v2_1323	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium gilvum
ref_mOTU_v2_3150	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium iranicum
ref_mOTU_v2_3985	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium rufum
ref_mOTU_v2_4849	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium chubuense
ref_mOTU_v2_1280	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. [C JLS/MCS]
ref_mOTU_v2_1709	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium thermoresistibile
ref_mOTU_v2_0503	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium hassiacum
ref_mOTU_v2_2317	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium phlei
ref_mOTU_v2_4850	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium rhodesiae
ref_mOTU_v2_4852	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium tusciae
ref_mOTU_v2_4851	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. JS623
ref_mOTU_v2_1104	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium cosmeticum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0966	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium neoaurum
ref_mOTU_v2_0950	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium neoaurum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3440	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. UNC280MFTsu5.1
ref_mOTU_v2_0708	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. [C 360MFTsu5.1/UNC410CL29Cvi84]
ref_mOTU_v2_3172	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. URHB0044
ref_mOTU_v2_5187	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium rhodesiae
ref_mOTU_v2_3414	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium aromaticivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_0178	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. [C colombiense/tuberculosis]
ref_mOTU_v2_0594	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. [C avium/indicus/intracellulare/yongonense]
ref_mOTU_v2_0103	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium avium [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4426	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium parascrofulaceum
ref_mOTU_v2_4330	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium triplex
ref_mOTU_v2_3314	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium genavense
ref_mOTU_v2_0571	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. [C liflandii/marinum/ulcerans]
ref_mOTU_v2_1019	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium kansasii
ref_mOTU_v2_2984	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium kansasii
ref_mOTU_v2_2808	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium asiaticum
ref_mOTU_v2_0102	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. [C africanum/bovis/canettii/orygis/tuberculosis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1320	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium leprae
ref_mOTU_v2_0635	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium xenopi
ref_mOTU_v2_3147	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. UM_WGJ
ref_mOTU_v2_5053	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sinense
ref_mOTU_v2_0019	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Mycobacterium	Mycobacterium sp. [C abscessus/fortuitum]
ref_mOTU_v2_3436	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriales fam. incertae sedis	Tomitella	Tomitella biformata
ref_mOTU_v2_4258	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Mycobacteriaceae	Hoyosella	Hoyosella subflava
ref_mOTU_v2_2613	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium maris
ref_mOTU_v2_1441	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium doosanense
ref_mOTU_v2_3262	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium tuscaniense
ref_mOTU_v2_4579	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium genitalium
ref_mOTU_v2_4187	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium ureicelerivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3352	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium sp. JCB
ref_mOTU_v2_2683	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium sp. GD7
ref_mOTU_v2_3685	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium imitans
ref_mOTU_v2_1916	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium capitovis
ref_mOTU_v2_2504	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium timonense
ref_mOTU_v2_4421	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium lipophiloflavum
ref_mOTU_v2_1923	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium pilosum
ref_mOTU_v2_1920	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium lubricantis
ref_mOTU_v2_0478	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1924	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium propinquum
ref_mOTU_v2_1921	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium massiliense
ref_mOTU_v2_4707	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium ammoniagenes
ref_mOTU_v2_0386	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium casei
ref_mOTU_v2_0770	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium accolens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0768	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium sp. KPL1859
ref_mOTU_v2_0769	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium sp. KPL1860
ref_mOTU_v2_1422	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium sp. [C pseudogenitalium/tuberculostearicum]
ref_mOTU_v2_3699	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium camporealensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1434	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium aurimucosum
ref_mOTU_v2_4422	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium striatum
ref_mOTU_v2_0477	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium halotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_1917	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium caspium
ref_mOTU_v2_3737	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium atypicum
ref_mOTU_v2_1522	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Turicella	Turicella otitidis
ref_mOTU_v2_1922	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium mastitidis
ref_mOTU_v2_0476	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium callunae
ref_mOTU_v2_0292	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium sp. [C crenatum/glutamicum]
ref_mOTU_v2_1291	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium efficiens
ref_mOTU_v2_0081	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium ulcerans
ref_mOTU_v2_0290	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis
ref_mOTU_v2_0689	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium diphtheriae
ref_mOTU_v2_1439	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium matruchotii
ref_mOTU_v2_0855	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium vitaeruminis
ref_mOTU_v2_3119	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium argentoratense
ref_mOTU_v2_1919	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium freiburgense
ref_mOTU_v2_1615	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium durum
ref_mOTU_v2_1918	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium ciconiae
ref_mOTU_v2_1435	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium glucuronolyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_2235	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium pyruviciproducens
ref_mOTU_v2_2490	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium terpenotabidum
ref_mOTU_v2_5004	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium variabile
ref_mOTU_v2_5019	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium nuruki
ref_mOTU_v2_3272	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium glyciniphilum
ref_mOTU_v2_1336	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium jeikeium
ref_mOTU_v2_4111	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium jeikeium
ref_mOTU_v2_3470	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium falsenii
ref_mOTU_v2_4730	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium resistens
ref_mOTU_v2_0960	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium urealyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_4694	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium kroppenstedtii
meta_mOTU_v2_7716	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	unknown Corynebacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_0305	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium amycolatum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2934	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium freneyi
ref_mOTU_v2_1791	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium sputi
ref_mOTU_v2_1925	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium ulceribovis
meta_mOTU_v2_7078	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	unknown Corynebacteriales	Lawsonella	Lawsonella clevelandensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2946	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Dietziaceae	Dietzia	Dietzia sp. UCD-THP
ref_mOTU_v2_1705	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Dietziaceae	Dietzia	Dietzia alimentaria
ref_mOTU_v2_1373	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharopolyspora	Saccharopolyspora erythraea
ref_mOTU_v2_0985	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharopolyspora	Saccharopolyspora rectivirgula
ref_mOTU_v2_5285	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharopolyspora	Saccharopolyspora spinosa
ref_mOTU_v2_4219	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinopolysporales	Actinopolysporaceae	Actinopolyspora	Actinopolyspora erythraea
ref_mOTU_v2_1668	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinopolysporales	Actinopolysporaceae	Actinopolyspora	Actinopolyspora mortivallis
ref_mOTU_v2_1730	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinopolysporales	Actinopolysporaceae	Actinopolyspora	Actinopolyspora halophila
ref_mOTU_v2_3768	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Allokutzneria	Allokutzneria albata
ref_mOTU_v2_4018	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Amycolatopsis	Amycolatopsis jejuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1728	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Amycolatopsis	Amycolatopsis benzoatilytica
ref_mOTU_v2_1071	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order [C Pseudonocardiales/Streptomycetales]	Actinobacteria fam. [C Pseudonocardiaceae/Streptomycetaceae]	Actinobacteria gen. [C Amycolatopsis/Streptomyces]	Actinobacteria sp. [C Amycolatopsis orientalis/Streptomyces sp. AA4/NRRL F-3213]
ref_mOTU_v2_1729	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Amycolatopsis	Amycolatopsis balhimycina
ref_mOTU_v2_0846	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Amycolatopsis	Amycolatopsis mediterranei
ref_mOTU_v2_3892	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Amycolatopsis	Amycolatopsis rifamycinica
ref_mOTU_v2_3767	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Amycolatopsis	Amycolatopsis vancoresmycina
ref_mOTU_v2_0554	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Amycolatopsis	Amycolatopsis sp. [C alba/azurea/decaplanina/japonica/lurida/orientalis]
ref_mOTU_v2_2237	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Amycolatopsis	Amycolatopsis orientalis
ref_mOTU_v2_1684	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Amycolatopsis	Amycolatopsis nigrescens
ref_mOTU_v2_0258	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Amycolatopsis	Amycolatopsis sp. [C methanolica/thermoflava]
ref_mOTU_v2_2281	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharomonospora	Saccharomonospora sp. CNQ490
ref_mOTU_v2_0407	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharomonospora	Saccharomonospora azurea
ref_mOTU_v2_5173	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharomonospora	Saccharomonospora glauca
ref_mOTU_v2_5076	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharomonospora	Saccharomonospora cyanea
ref_mOTU_v2_5079	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharomonospora	Saccharomonospora xinjiangensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1288	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharomonospora	Saccharomonospora viridis
ref_mOTU_v2_5078	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharomonospora	Saccharomonospora saliphila
ref_mOTU_v2_1518	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharomonospora	Saccharomonospora sp. [C halophila/iraquiensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4238	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Prauserella	Prauserella rugosa
ref_mOTU_v2_5077	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharomonospora	Saccharomonospora marina
ref_mOTU_v2_1796	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Thermocrispum	Thermocrispum agreste
ref_mOTU_v2_3466	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Kutzneria	Kutzneria albida
ref_mOTU_v2_4047	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Kutzneria	Kutzneria sp. 744
ref_mOTU_v2_3511	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharothrix	Saccharothrix sp. NRRL B-16314
ref_mOTU_v2_1621	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharothrix	Saccharothrix syringae
ref_mOTU_v2_2423	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Saccharothrix	Saccharothrix espanaensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4270	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Actinosynnema	Actinosynnema mirum
ref_mOTU_v2_4781	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Lechevalieria	Lechevalieria aerocolonigenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4195	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Lentzea	Lentzea albidocapillata
ref_mOTU_v2_4112	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Nocardiaceae	Rhodococcus	Rhodococcus rhodnii
ref_mOTU_v2_5135	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Actinokineospora	Actinokineospora spheciospongiae
ref_mOTU_v2_1836	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Actinokineospora	Actinokineospora enzanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4027	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Goodfellowiella	Goodfellowiella coeruleoviolacea
ref_mOTU_v2_0441	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Actinoalloteichus	Actinoalloteichus cyanogriseus
ref_mOTU_v2_0526	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Sciscionella	Sciscionella marina [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2113	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Pseudonocardia	Pseudonocardia asaccharolytica
ref_mOTU_v2_4766	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Pseudonocardia	Pseudonocardia dioxanivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3763	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Pseudonocardia	Pseudonocardia autotrophica
ref_mOTU_v2_2112	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Pseudonocardia	Pseudonocardia acaciae
ref_mOTU_v2_4773	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Segniliparaceae	Segniliparus	Segniliparus rugosus
ref_mOTU_v2_4666	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Segniliparaceae	Segniliparus	Segniliparus rotundus
ref_mOTU_v2_4334	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Nakamurellales	Nakamurellaceae	Nakamurella	Nakamurella multipartita
ref_mOTU_v2_4708	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Actinoplanes	Actinoplanes sp. N902-109
ref_mOTU_v2_2774	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Actinoplanes	Actinoplanes friuliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3725	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Actinoplanes	Actinoplanes utahensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3106	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Actinoplanes	Actinoplanes sp. SE50/110
ref_mOTU_v2_4387	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Actinoplanes	Actinoplanes missouriensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1844	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Actinoplanes	Actinoplanes globisporus
ref_mOTU_v2_4452	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Actinoplanes	Actinoplanes subtropicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4032	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Catenuloplanes	Catenuloplanes japonicus
ref_mOTU_v2_1230	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Micromonospora	Micromonospora sp. [C chokoriensis/parva]
ref_mOTU_v2_2321	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Micromonospora	Micromonospora lupini
ref_mOTU_v2_0699	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Micromonospora	Micromonospora sp. [C aurantiaca/globosa/purpureochromogenes]
ref_mOTU_v2_3780	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Micromonospora	Micromonospora sp. ATCC 39149
ref_mOTU_v2_0591	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Salinispora	Salinispora arenicola
ref_mOTU_v2_0215	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Salinispora	Salinispora pacifica
ref_mOTU_v2_0214	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Salinispora	Salinispora tropica
ref_mOTU_v2_3845	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Verrucosispora	Verrucosispora maris
ref_mOTU_v2_4065	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Dactylosporangium	Dactylosporangium aurantiacum
ref_mOTU_v2_1899	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Catelliglobosispora	Catelliglobosispora koreensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2005	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Hamadaea	Hamadaea tsunoensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2037	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Longispora	Longispora albida
ref_mOTU_v2_4132	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micromonosporales	Micromonosporaceae	Actinocatenispora	Actinocatenispora sera
ref_mOTU_v2_1989	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Glycomycetales	Glycomycetaceae	Glycomyces	Glycomyces arizonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0398	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Glycomycetales	Glycomycetaceae	Glycomyces	Glycomyces tenuis
ref_mOTU_v2_3510	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Glycomycetales	Glycomycetaceae	Glycomyces	Glycomyces sp. NRRL B-16210
ref_mOTU_v2_1733	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Glycomycetales	Glycomycetaceae	Haloglycomyces	Haloglycomyces albus
ref_mOTU_v2_4274	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Glycomycetales	Glycomycetaceae	Stackebrandtia	Stackebrandtia nassauensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2912	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Frankia	Frankia sp. Iso899
ref_mOTU_v2_1393	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces clavuligerus
ref_mOTU_v2_2384	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. CNT372
ref_mOTU_v2_0701	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C CNR698/CNS615/CNT302]
ref_mOTU_v2_3013	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces thermolilacinus
ref_mOTU_v2_2274	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces somaliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3520	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-118
ref_mOTU_v2_3732	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces bikiniensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4784	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces flavochromogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_5255	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces venezuelae
ref_mOTU_v2_1313	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces griseoluteus
ref_mOTU_v2_1312	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces wedmorensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1221	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order [C Streptomycetales/Streptosporangiales]	Actinobacteria fam. [C Streptomycetaceae/Streptosporangiaceae]	Actinobacteria gen. [C Streptomyces/Microtetraspora]	Actinobacteria sp. [C Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-5727/Microtetraspora glauca]
ref_mOTU_v2_1222	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces griseus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1674	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces purpureus
ref_mOTU_v2_2182	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces flavidovirens
ref_mOTU_v2_0652	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. ATexAB-D23
ref_mOTU_v2_0651	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C KhCrAH-340/LaPpAH-95]
ref_mOTU_v2_0951	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C pratensis/flaveus/flavovirens/fulvoviridis/Kitasatospora papulosa]
ref_mOTU_v2_0952	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces atroolivaceus
ref_mOTU_v2_0648	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C NRRL WC-3549/SirexAA-E]
ref_mOTU_v2_3522	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-15
ref_mOTU_v2_1244	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces halstedii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0243	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C californicus/floridae/puniceus/purpeochromogenes/vinaceus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0244	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C anulatus/filamentosus/globisporus/griseus/mediolani]
ref_mOTU_v2_0245	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C alboviridis/cyaneofuscatus/fulvissimus]
ref_mOTU_v2_1225	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C NRRL B-24720/NRRL S-1824]
ref_mOTU_v2_3518	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-5126
ref_mOTU_v2_3519	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-5135
ref_mOTU_v2_3413	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces scopuliridis
ref_mOTU_v2_3125	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces niveus
ref_mOTU_v2_1217	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces katrae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4298	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. Mg1
ref_mOTU_v2_3838	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. C
ref_mOTU_v2_1209	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces virginiae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1226	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C NRRL S-237/NRRL S-241/NRRL S-515]
ref_mOTU_v2_3521	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-149
ref_mOTU_v2_3513	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-2580
ref_mOTU_v2_3526	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-87
ref_mOTU_v2_1406	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces olivaceus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0046	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C coelicolor/lividans/violaceoruber/violaceorubidus]
ref_mOTU_v2_1219	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces mutabilis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1216	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C NRRL F-2305/NRRL S-37]
ref_mOTU_v2_3528	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL WC-3626
ref_mOTU_v2_4504	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces toyocaensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0592	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C gancidicus/griseorubens/Actinospica acidiphila]
ref_mOTU_v2_1228	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C NRRL S-455/NRRL S-474/NRRL S-481]
ref_mOTU_v2_1713	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces chartreusis
ref_mOTU_v2_1229	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces flavovariabilis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4072	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces olindensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4593	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces viridochromogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4785	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces iakyrus
ref_mOTU_v2_1214	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-6677
ref_mOTU_v2_5288	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces griseoaurantiacus
ref_mOTU_v2_3525	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-646
ref_mOTU_v2_3891	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces fulvoviolaceus
ref_mOTU_v2_0707	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C canus/mirabilis/sviceus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0706	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C 351MFTsu5.1/NRRL B-3229]
ref_mOTU_v2_2563	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces davawensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4750	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces bicolor
ref_mOTU_v2_4788	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces peruviensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3736	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces glaucescens
ref_mOTU_v2_1447	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C ghanaensis/viridosporus]
ref_mOTU_v2_1218	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces seoulensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2327	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. LaPpAH-108
ref_mOTU_v2_0579	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces hygroscopicus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1478	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C achromogenes/lavenduligriseus]
ref_mOTU_v2_3533	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces griseofuscus
ref_mOTU_v2_4783	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces durhamensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2564	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces collinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3524	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-340
ref_mOTU_v2_2339	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. PsTaAH-124
ref_mOTU_v2_2337	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. Amel2xE9
ref_mOTU_v2_4854	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. GXT6
ref_mOTU_v2_3516	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-5065
ref_mOTU_v2_3746	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sclerotialus
ref_mOTU_v2_3750	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces cellulosae
ref_mOTU_v2_4760	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces resistomycificus
ref_mOTU_v2_2387	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. 303MFCol5.2
ref_mOTU_v2_3515	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-5008
ref_mOTU_v2_1809	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces acidiscabies
ref_mOTU_v2_3738	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces scabiei
ref_mOTU_v2_0242	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C bottropensis/scabiei]
ref_mOTU_v2_4036	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces galbus
ref_mOTU_v2_3015	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces hokutonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1033	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces prunicolor [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3890	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces xylophagus
ref_mOTU_v2_4786	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces mirabilis
ref_mOTU_v2_1299	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces avermitilis
ref_mOTU_v2_2386	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. 142MFCol3.1
ref_mOTU_v2_4759	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces aureocirculatus
ref_mOTU_v2_4758	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces alboflavus
ref_mOTU_v2_3527	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-920
ref_mOTU_v2_2330	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. HmicA12
ref_mOTU_v2_3509	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Actinosporangium sp. NRRL B-3428
ref_mOTU_v2_0647	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C albidoflavus/albus]
ref_mOTU_v2_1223	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C NRRL F-5630/SA3_actG/SPB074/SPB78/Tu6071]
ref_mOTU_v2_1407	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C ochraceiscleroticus/violens]
ref_mOTU_v2_4734	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces niger
ref_mOTU_v2_3530	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL WC-3773
ref_mOTU_v2_1058	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces rimosus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4569	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces celluloflavus
ref_mOTU_v2_0655	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C FxanaC1/NRRL S-1813]
ref_mOTU_v2_2357	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces auratus
ref_mOTU_v2_2328	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. MspMP-M5
ref_mOTU_v2_1044	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces albulus
ref_mOTU_v2_4751	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces catenulae
ref_mOTU_v2_1224	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C NRRL S-337/NRRL S-1448]
ref_mOTU_v2_4327	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces lydicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4787	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces natalensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4915	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces bingchenggensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4290	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces himastatinicus
ref_mOTU_v2_0660	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C rapamycinicus/violaceusniger]
ref_mOTU_v2_4736	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces roseoverticillatus
ref_mOTU_v2_2607	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces mobaraensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4761	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces varsoviensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2184	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sulphureus
ref_mOTU_v2_0774	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces albus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0764	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C AA1529/CNT318]
ref_mOTU_v2_1220	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C NRRL F-5053/NRRL S-1868]
ref_mOTU_v2_2942	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. TAA204
ref_mOTU_v2_2982	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. TAA486
ref_mOTU_v2_3181	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomycetaceae gen. incertae sedis	Streptomycetaceae bacterium MP113-05
ref_mOTU_v2_3514	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-2890
ref_mOTU_v2_2546	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. AA0539
ref_mOTU_v2_4365	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces avicenniae
ref_mOTU_v2_2936	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. TAA040
ref_mOTU_v2_4248	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces megasporus
ref_mOTU_v2_3735	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces fradiae
ref_mOTU_v2_2280	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. CNH099
ref_mOTU_v2_0593	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. [C CNQ329/CNQ766/CNQ865/CNS335/CNT371/CNY243]
ref_mOTU_v2_3464	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces yeochonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3517	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-5123
ref_mOTU_v2_3160	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. URHA0041
ref_mOTU_v2_2338	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. BoleA5
ref_mOTU_v2_0054	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces cattleya
ref_mOTU_v2_2185	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces vitaminophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_1215	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces aureofaciens [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3529	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL WC-3742
ref_mOTU_v2_1195	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomycetaceae gen. [C Streptomyces/Kitasatospora]	Streptomycetaceae gen. [C Streptomyces purpeofuscus/Kitasatospora sp.]
ref_mOTU_v2_1227	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces pyridomyceticus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1293	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Kitasatospora	Kitasatospora sp. [C phosalacinea/setae]
ref_mOTU_v2_1090	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomycetaceae gen. [C Streptomyces/Kitastospora]	Streptomycetaceae sp. [C Streptomyces sp./Kitastospora cheerisanensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_3512	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL B-24484
ref_mOTU_v2_3460	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Kitasatospora	Kitasatospora mediocidica
ref_mOTU_v2_3459	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Kitasatospora	Kitasatospora azatica
ref_mOTU_v2_3523	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-1777
ref_mOTU_v2_5265	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptacidiphilus	Streptacidiphilus rugosus
ref_mOTU_v2_0238	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptacidiphilus	Streptacidiphilus sp. [C anmyonensis/melanogenes/neutrinimicus]
ref_mOTU_v2_3806	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptacidiphilus	Streptacidiphilus jiangxiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0240	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptacidiphilus	Streptacidiphilus jeojiense
ref_mOTU_v2_0239	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptacidiphilus	Streptacidiphilus carbonis
ref_mOTU_v2_0241	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptacidiphilus	Streptacidiphilus albus
ref_mOTU_v2_3463	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptacidiphilus	Streptacidiphilus oryzae
ref_mOTU_v2_2183	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptomycetales	Streptomycetaceae	Streptomyces	Streptomyces scabrisporus
ref_mOTU_v2_4336	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Catenulisporales	Catenulisporaceae	Catenulispora	Catenulispora acidiphila
ref_mOTU_v2_1660	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Sporichthyaceae	Sporichthya	Sporichthya polymorpha
ref_mOTU_v2_5278	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Jiangellales	Jiangellaceae	Jiangella	Jiangella gansuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5189	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Actinobacteria gen. incertae sedis	actinobacterium SCGC AAA027-J17
ref_mOTU_v2_1529	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Actinobacteria gen. incertae sedis	actinobacterium SCGC AAA028-A23
ref_mOTU_v2_5218	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Actinobacteria gen. incertae sedis	actinobacterium SCGC AAA044-D11
ref_mOTU_v2_5188	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Actinobacteria gen. incertae sedis	actinobacterium SCGC AAA024-D14
ref_mOTU_v2_5190	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Actinobacteria gen. incertae sedis	actinobacterium SCGC AAA278-O22
meta_mOTU_v2_6952	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_4063	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Acidothermales	Acidothermaceae	Acidothermus	Acidothermus cellulolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1845	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Actinopolymorpha	Actinopolymorpha alba
ref_mOTU_v2_0917	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis ganjiahuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0918	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis valliformis
ref_mOTU_v2_2765	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis prasina
ref_mOTU_v2_2768	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis alkaliphila
ref_mOTU_v2_0780	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis alba [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2771	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis salina
ref_mOTU_v2_2769	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis xinjiangensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2766	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis kunsanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0700	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis dassonvillei [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2279	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis sp. CNT312
ref_mOTU_v2_4524	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis potens
ref_mOTU_v2_2732	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Nocardiopsis	Nocardiopsis baichengensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0702	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Nocardiopsaceae	Thermobifida	Thermobifida fusca
ref_mOTU_v2_4335	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Streptosporangiaceae	Streptosporangium	Streptosporangium roseum
ref_mOTU_v2_3753	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Streptosporangiaceae	Streptosporangium	Streptosporangium amethystogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_2076	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Streptosporangiaceae	Nonomuraea	Nonomuraea coxensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3531	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Streptosporangiaceae	Microbispora	Microbispora rosea
ref_mOTU_v2_3977	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Streptosporangiaceae	Microbispora	Microbispora sp. ATCC PTA-5024
ref_mOTU_v2_4306	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Thermobispora	Thermobispora bispora
ref_mOTU_v2_3888	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Streptosporangiaceae	Herbidospora	Herbidospora cretacea
ref_mOTU_v2_4561	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Thermomonosporaceae	Spirillospora	Spirillospora albida
ref_mOTU_v2_3232	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Thermomonosporaceae	Actinomadura	Actinomadura madurae
ref_mOTU_v2_4507	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Thermomonosporaceae	Actinomadura	Actinomadura flavalba
ref_mOTU_v2_1837	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Thermomonosporaceae	Actinomadura	Actinomadura atramentaria
ref_mOTU_v2_4316	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Streptosporangiales	Thermomonosporaceae	Thermomonospora	Thermomonospora curvata
ref_mOTU_v2_4282	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Pseudarthrobacter	Pseudarthrobacter chlorophenolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_2325	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. 162MFSha1.1
ref_mOTU_v2_2342	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. 135MFCol5.1
ref_mOTU_v2_4792	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter nitrophenolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_5181	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Pseudarthrobacter	Pseudarthrobacter phenanthrenivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3899	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. FB24
ref_mOTU_v2_3439	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. UNC362MFTsu5.1
ref_mOTU_v2_0629	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. [C 9MFCol3.1/131MFCol6.1]
ref_mOTU_v2_1807	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. 31Y
ref_mOTU_v2_1008	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Paenarthrobacter	Paenarthrobacter nicotinovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2482	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. M2012083
ref_mOTU_v2_0431	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Micrococcaceae gen. [C Arthrobacter/Paenarthrobacter]	Micrococcaceae sp. [C Arthrobacter sp. Rue61a/Paenarthrobacter aurescens]
ref_mOTU_v2_2324	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. 161MFSha2.1
ref_mOTU_v2_3124	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. AK-YN10
ref_mOTU_v2_1764	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. MA-N2
ref_mOTU_v2_1707	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter globiformis
ref_mOTU_v2_2263	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. 35W
ref_mOTU_v2_3572	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. PAMC 25486
ref_mOTU_v2_4611	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. A3
ref_mOTU_v2_2838	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. H20
ref_mOTU_v2_0246	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. [C CAL618/TB 23]
ref_mOTU_v2_3021	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. Br18
ref_mOTU_v2_1875	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter castelli
ref_mOTU_v2_3022	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. H14
ref_mOTU_v2_2860	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Paeniglutamicibacter	Paeniglutamicibacter gangotriensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1758	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sp. PAO19
ref_mOTU_v2_5012	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Glutamicibacter	Glutamicibacter arilaitensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4977	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Nesterenkonia	Nesterenkonia sp. F
ref_mOTU_v2_2071	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Nesterenkonia	Nesterenkonia alba
ref_mOTU_v2_4711	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Nesterenkonia	Nesterenkonia sp. AN1
ref_mOTU_v2_2685	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Nesterenkonia	Nesterenkonia sp. NP1
ref_mOTU_v2_2691	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Micrococcus	Micrococcus luteus
ref_mOTU_v2_0964	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Micrococcus	Micrococcus luteus
ref_mOTU_v2_1652	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Citricoccus	Citricoccus sp. CH26A
ref_mOTU_v2_2218	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Yaniella	Yaniella halotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_3261	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Pseudoglutamicibacter	Pseudoglutamicibacter albus
ref_mOTU_v2_3894	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Renibacterium	Renibacterium salmoninarum
ref_mOTU_v2_1832	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Acaricomes	Acaricomes phytoseiuli
ref_mOTU_v2_1876	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Arthrobacter	Arthrobacter sanguinis
ref_mOTU_v2_0551	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Rothia	Rothia sp. [C aeria/dentocariosa]
ref_mOTU_v2_1446	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Rothia	Rothia dentocariosa
meta_mOTU_v2_6934	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
ref_mOTU_v2_1438	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Rothia	Rothia mucilaginosa
ref_mOTU_v2_3554	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Curtobacterium	Curtobacterium sp. S6
ref_mOTU_v2_4103	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Kocuria	Kocuria rhizophila
ref_mOTU_v2_1586	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Kocuria	Kocuria rhizophila
ref_mOTU_v2_3790	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Kocuria	Kocuria marina
ref_mOTU_v2_2421	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Kocuria	Kocuria atrinae
ref_mOTU_v2_1004	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Kocuria	Kocuria polaris [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0913	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcaceae	Kocuria	Kocuria palustris [C Microbacterium sp.]
ref_mOTU_v2_4443	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Rhodoluna	Rhodoluna lacicola
ref_mOTU_v2_1716	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	candidatus Aquiluna	candidatus Aquiluna sp. IMCC13023
ref_mOTU_v2_2869	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Pseudoclavibacter	Pseudoclavibacter faecalis
ref_mOTU_v2_1996	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Gulosibacter	Gulosibacter molinativorax
ref_mOTU_v2_3116	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia	Leifsonia rubra
ref_mOTU_v2_1801	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Salinibacterium	Salinibacterium sp. PAMC 21357
ref_mOTU_v2_3932	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Actinobacteria gen. incertae sedis	marine actinobacterium PHSC20C1
meta_mOTU_v2_7117	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	unknown Microbacteriaceae	unknown Microbacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3443	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Curtobacterium	Curtobacterium sp. UNCCL17
ref_mOTU_v2_0445	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Agrococcus	Agrococcus sp. [C lahaulensis/pavilionensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_2776	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium sp. UCD-TDU
ref_mOTU_v2_1068	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium maritypicum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2974	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium sp. URHA0036
ref_mOTU_v2_1199	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium sp. Cr-K20
ref_mOTU_v2_2483	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium barkeri
ref_mOTU_v2_3367	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium paraoxydans
ref_mOTU_v2_3555	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium sp. CH12i
ref_mOTU_v2_4277	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium profundi
ref_mOTU_v2_3876	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium oleivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_0641	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium paraoxydans [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1075	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium sp. UNCCL10
ref_mOTU_v2_3102	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium sp. TS-1
ref_mOTU_v2_0766	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium sp. [C MRS-1/oral taxon 186]
ref_mOTU_v2_2326	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium sp. 292MF
ref_mOTU_v2_2466	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium yannicii
ref_mOTU_v2_5262	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium testaceum
ref_mOTU_v2_2065	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium luticocti
meta_mOTU_v2_6129	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium sp. 67-17
meta_mOTU_v2_7308	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	unknown Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae bacterium
ref_mOTU_v2_2413	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium sp. C448
ref_mOTU_v2_2064	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium indicum
ref_mOTU_v2_2063	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacterium	Microbacterium gubbeenense
ref_mOTU_v2_4958	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Mycetocola	Mycetocola saprophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2009	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Humibacter	Humibacter albus
ref_mOTU_v2_1926	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Gryllotalpicola	Gryllotalpicola ginsengisoli
ref_mOTU_v2_1851	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Agromyces	Agromyces subbeticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1850	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Agromyces	Agromyces italicus
ref_mOTU_v2_2033	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leucobacter	Leucobacter chironomi
ref_mOTU_v2_2947	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leucobacter	Leucobacter sp. UCD-THU
ref_mOTU_v2_2745	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leucobacter	Leucobacter salsicius
ref_mOTU_v2_4858	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leucobacter	Leucobacter chromiiresistens
ref_mOTU_v2_3245	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leucobacter	Leucobacter sp. PH1c
ref_mOTU_v2_2110	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Pseudoclavibacter	Pseudoclavibacter soli
ref_mOTU_v2_3602	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Actinobacteria gen. incertae sedis	actinobacterium acMicro-1
ref_mOTU_v2_3603	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Actinobacteria gen. incertae sedis	actinobacterium acMicro-4
ref_mOTU_v2_1011	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcales fam. incertae sedis	Tropheryma	Tropheryma whipplei
ref_mOTU_v2_3369	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia	Leifsonia aquatica
ref_mOTU_v2_3216	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia	Leifsonia xyli
ref_mOTU_v2_3883	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Leifsonia	Leifsonia xyli
ref_mOTU_v2_0630	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Microbacteriaceae gen. [C Cryocola/Leifsonia]	Microbacteriaceae sp. [C Cryocola sp./Leifsonia sp.]
ref_mOTU_v2_1988	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Glaciibacter	Glaciibacter superstes
ref_mOTU_v2_1547	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Cryobacterium	Cryobacterium roopkundense
ref_mOTU_v2_0369	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Clavibacter	Clavibacter michiganensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3889	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Clavibacter	Clavibacter michiganensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2122	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Microbacteriaceae	Rathayibacter	Rathayibacter toxicus
ref_mOTU_v2_3856	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Kineosporiales	Kineosporiaceae	Kineococcus	Kineococcus radiotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_1650	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Demequinaceae	Lysinimicrobium	Lysinimicrobium mangrovi
ref_mOTU_v2_3605	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Actinobacteria gen. incertae sedis	actinobacterium acAMD-5
ref_mOTU_v2_3012	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Kineosporiales	Kineosporiaceae	Kineosporia	Kineosporia aurantiaca
ref_mOTU_v2_4170	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Marmoricola	Marmoricola aequoreus
ref_mOTU_v2_2977	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Marmoricola	Marmoricola sp. URHB0036
ref_mOTU_v2_4198	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioidaceae gen. incertae sedis	Nocardioidaceae bacterium Broad-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2915	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides	Nocardioides sp. Iso805N
ref_mOTU_v2_3759	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Pimelobacter	Pimelobacter simplex
ref_mOTU_v2_5204	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides	Nocardioides sp. J54
ref_mOTU_v2_1769	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides	Nocardioides sp. CF8
ref_mOTU_v2_2075	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides	Nocardioides halotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_3747	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides	Nocardioides sp. JS614
ref_mOTU_v2_3175	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Nocardioides	Nocardioides sp. URHA0020
ref_mOTU_v2_2018	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Kribbella	Kribbella catacumbae
ref_mOTU_v2_4338	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Kribbella	Kribbella flavida
ref_mOTU_v2_1848	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Aestuariimicrobium	Aestuariimicrobium kwangyangense
meta_mOTU_v2_5315	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Pseudopropionibacterium	Pseudopropionibacterium propionicum
meta_mOTU_v2_7448	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Pseudopropionibacterium	Pseudopropionibacterium propionicum
ref_mOTU_v2_4960	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium propionicum
ref_mOTU_v2_3334	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Propionibacteriaceae bacterium P6A17
ref_mOTU_v2_0772	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium granulosum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0071	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium acnes [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1670	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium acnes
ref_mOTU_v2_1503	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium humerusii
ref_mOTU_v2_0703	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium avidum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0400	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium acidipropionici
ref_mOTU_v2_2106	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium jensenii
ref_mOTU_v2_2107	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium thoenii
ref_mOTU_v2_1477	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium freudenreichii
ref_mOTU_v2_2105	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium acidifaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_2509	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionibacterium	Propionibacterium sp. oral taxon 192
ref_mOTU_v2_0395	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Propionimicrobium	Propionimicrobium lymphophilum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1617	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Peptococcaceae	Dehalobacter	Dehalobacter sp. FTH1
ref_mOTU_v2_1590	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Microlunatus	Microlunatus phosphovorus
ref_mOTU_v2_1995	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Propionibacteriaceae	Granulicoccus	Granulicoccus phenolivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2618	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinobaculum	Actinobaculum sp. oral taxon 183
ref_mOTU_v2_4705	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 848
ref_mOTU_v2_0442	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinotignum	Actinotignum schaalii
ref_mOTU_v2_5084	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinotignum	Actinotignum schaalii
ref_mOTU_v2_1835	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinotignum	Actinotignum urinale
ref_mOTU_v2_5083	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinobaculum	Actinobaculum massiliense
ref_mOTU_v2_2597	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Arcanobacterium	Arcanobacterium sp. S3PF19
ref_mOTU_v2_1196	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Trueperella	Trueperella pyogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4686	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Arcanobacterium	Arcanobacterium haemolyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_2863	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces slackii
ref_mOTU_v2_1808	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces naeslundii
ref_mOTU_v2_1057	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces johnsonii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4941	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 170
ref_mOTU_v2_1444	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces viscosus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1445	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 171
meta_mOTU_v2_7584	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	unknown Actinomyces
ref_mOTU_v2_5106	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 448
ref_mOTU_v2_1839	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces israelii
ref_mOTU_v2_0548	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1838	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces dentalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0989	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces urogenitalis
ref_mOTU_v2_4406	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces timonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1056	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces graevenitzii
ref_mOTU_v2_0443	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces georgiae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0377	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. [C ICM58/oral taxon 172]
ref_mOTU_v2_0375	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces odontolyticus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0376	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. ICM39
ref_mOTU_v2_2506	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. HPA0247
ref_mOTU_v2_5209	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. ICM47
ref_mOTU_v2_5105	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. oral taxon 180
ref_mOTU_v2_5104	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces cardiffensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5086	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces turicensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1842	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces vaccimaxillae
ref_mOTU_v2_0430	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. [C oral taxon 181/ph3]
ref_mOTU_v2_2919	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. S6-Spd3
ref_mOTU_v2_1841	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces suimastitidis
ref_mOTU_v2_2596	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces sp. S4-C9
ref_mOTU_v2_5085	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces europaeus
ref_mOTU_v2_4418	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces coleocanis
ref_mOTU_v2_1840	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces neuii
ref_mOTU_v2_5111	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Actinomyces	Actinomyces neuii
ref_mOTU_v2_2210	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Varibaculum	Varibaculum cambriense
ref_mOTU_v2_3271	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Varibaculum	Varibaculum cambriense
ref_mOTU_v2_1450	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Mobiluncus	Mobiluncus mulieris
ref_mOTU_v2_1436	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinomycetales	Actinomycetaceae	Mobiluncus	Mobiluncus curtisii
ref_mOTU_v2_1185	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium biavatii
ref_mOTU_v2_0634	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium scardovii
ref_mOTU_v2_0786	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium bifidum
ref_mOTU_v2_1184	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium saguini
ref_mOTU_v2_1187	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium reuteri
ref_mOTU_v2_0150	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium longum [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0157	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium breve
ref_mOTU_v2_1186	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium callitrichos
ref_mOTU_v2_4938	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium stellenboschense
ref_mOTU_v2_3406	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium moukalabense
ref_mOTU_v2_0631	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium dentium [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0633	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium sp. [C catenulatum/kashiwanohense]
ref_mOTU_v2_0632	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium pseudocatenulatum
ref_mOTU_v2_1156	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium adolescentis
ref_mOTU_v2_1159	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium ruminantium
ref_mOTU_v2_1285	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium angulatum
ref_mOTU_v2_1158	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium merycicum
ref_mOTU_v2_1180	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium sp. [C gallinarum/pullorum/saeculare]
ref_mOTU_v2_3409	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium pullorum
ref_mOTU_v2_0981	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium pseudolongum
ref_mOTU_v2_1178	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium pseudolongum
ref_mOTU_v2_0183	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium animalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0460	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium choerinum
ref_mOTU_v2_2883	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium sp. AGR2158
ref_mOTU_v2_1179	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium cuniculi
ref_mOTU_v2_1443	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium gallicum
ref_mOTU_v2_0461	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium magnum
ref_mOTU_v2_1157	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium sp. [C boum/thermophilum]
ref_mOTU_v2_0464	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium sp. [C thermacidophilum/thermophilum]
ref_mOTU_v2_1489	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Gardnerella	Gardnerella vaginalis
ref_mOTU_v2_1490	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Gardnerella	Gardnerella vaginalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0941	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Gardnerella	Gardnerella vaginalis
ref_mOTU_v2_1437	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Gardnerella	Gardnerella vaginalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0940	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Gardnerella	Gardnerella vaginalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0095	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Gardnerella	Gardnerella vaginalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0465	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium tsurumiense
ref_mOTU_v2_1181	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium mongoliense
ref_mOTU_v2_0463	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium subtile
ref_mOTU_v2_1183	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium bohemicum
ref_mOTU_v2_1081	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium bombi
ref_mOTU_v2_0462	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium minimum
ref_mOTU_v2_1182	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium actinocoloniiforme
ref_mOTU_v2_1080	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium sp. [C coryneforme/indicum]
ref_mOTU_v2_3231	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium sp. A11
ref_mOTU_v2_3230	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium sp. 7101
ref_mOTU_v2_0627	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium asteroides
ref_mOTU_v2_4016	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium crudilactis
ref_mOTU_v2_1176	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacterium	Bifidobacterium psychraerophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_5000	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Scardovia	Scardovia wiggsiae
ref_mOTU_v2_4670	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Scardovia	Scardovia inopinata
ref_mOTU_v2_0747	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Parascardovia	Parascardovia denticolens
ref_mOTU_v2_2059	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Alloscardovia	Alloscardovia criceti
ref_mOTU_v2_0446	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Alloscardovia	Alloscardovia omnicolens
ref_mOTU_v2_2816	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Bifidobacteriales	Bifidobacteriaceae	Bifidobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	candidatus Ancillula trichonymphae
ref_mOTU_v2_3708	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Oerskovia	Oerskovia turbata
ref_mOTU_v2_5201	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Promicromonosporaceae	Cellulosimicrobium	Cellulosimicrobium cellulans
ref_mOTU_v2_4890	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Promicromonosporaceae	Isoptericola	Isoptericola variabilis
ref_mOTU_v2_4275	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Promicromonosporaceae	Xylanimonas	Xylanimonas cellulosilytica
ref_mOTU_v2_0705	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Promicromonosporaceae	Promicromonospora	Promicromonospora sp. [C kroppenstedtii/sukumoe]
ref_mOTU_v2_2091	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Paraoerskovia	Paraoerskovia marina
ref_mOTU_v2_2014	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Jonesiaceae	Jonesia	Jonesia quinghaiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4320	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Jonesiaceae	Jonesia	Jonesia denitrificans
ref_mOTU_v2_1756	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Micrococcales fam. incertae sedis	Timonella	Timonella senegalensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4273	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Sanguibacteraceae	Sanguibacter	Sanguibacter keddieii
ref_mOTU_v2_2997	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Cellulomonas	Cellulomonas sp. KRMCY2
ref_mOTU_v2_3486	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Cellulomonas	Cellulomonas sp. HZM
ref_mOTU_v2_4605	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Cellulomonas	Cellulomonas gilvus
ref_mOTU_v2_3164	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Cellulomonas	Cellulomonas sp. URHE0023
ref_mOTU_v2_4590	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Cellulomonas	Cellulomonas fimi
ref_mOTU_v2_1752	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Cellulomonas	Cellulomonas massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4272	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Cellulomonas	Cellulomonas flavigena
ref_mOTU_v2_3281	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Cellulomonadaceae	Cellulomonas	Cellulomonas cellasea
ref_mOTU_v2_0771	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Dermabacter	Dermabacter hominis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1681	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium	Brachybacterium paraconglomeratum
ref_mOTU_v2_4271	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium	Brachybacterium faecium
ref_mOTU_v2_1699	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium	Brachybacterium squillarum
ref_mOTU_v2_2783	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium	Brachybacterium muris
ref_mOTU_v2_4168	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermabacteraceae	Brachybacterium	Brachybacterium phenoliresistens
ref_mOTU_v2_4317	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Beutenbergiaceae	Beutenbergia	Beutenbergia cavernae
ref_mOTU_v2_2128	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Ruaniaceae	Ruania	Ruania albidiflava
ref_mOTU_v2_2659	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium	Brevibacterium casei
ref_mOTU_v2_3999	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium	Brevibacterium linens
ref_mOTU_v2_3184	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium	Brevibacterium sp. VCM10
ref_mOTU_v2_4580	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium	Brevibacterium mcbrellneri
ref_mOTU_v2_2408	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium	Brevibacterium ravenspurgense
ref_mOTU_v2_1597	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Brevibacteriaceae	Brevibacterium	Brevibacterium senegalense
ref_mOTU_v2_2437	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermatophilaceae	Kineosphaera	Kineosphaera limosa
ref_mOTU_v2_1727	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermatophilaceae	Mobilicoccus	Mobilicoccus pelagius
ref_mOTU_v2_2389	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Terracoccus	Terracoccus sp. 273MFTsu3.1
ref_mOTU_v2_3169	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Intrasporangiaceae gen. incertae sedis	Intrasporangiaceae bacterium URHB0013
ref_mOTU_v2_3712	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Corynebacteriales	Corynebacteriaceae	Corynebacterium	Corynebacterium variabile
ref_mOTU_v2_3212	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Intrasporangium	Intrasporangium oryzae
ref_mOTU_v2_4853	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Intrasporangium	Intrasporangium calvum
ref_mOTU_v2_0967	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Dermacoccus	Dermacoccus nishinomiyaensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1935	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Demetria	Demetria terragena
ref_mOTU_v2_1874	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Arsenicicoccus	Arsenicicoccus bolidensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2436	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermatophilaceae	Austwickia	Austwickia chelonae
ref_mOTU_v2_4333	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Dermacoccaceae	Kytococcus	Kytococcus sedentarius
ref_mOTU_v2_1649	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Serinicoccus	Serinicoccus profundi
ref_mOTU_v2_2149	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Serinicoccus	Serinicoccus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_2082	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Ornithinimicrobium	Ornithinimicrobium pekingense
ref_mOTU_v2_3933	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Janibacter	Janibacter sp. HTCC2649
ref_mOTU_v2_3209	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Knoellia	Knoellia sinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3210	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Knoellia	Knoellia subterranea
ref_mOTU_v2_3207	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Knoellia	Knoellia flava
ref_mOTU_v2_3208	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Knoellia	Knoellia aerolata
ref_mOTU_v2_4083	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Phycicoccus	Phycicoccus jejuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2463	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Tetrasphaera	Tetrasphaera elongata
ref_mOTU_v2_2547	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Micrococcales	Intrasporangiaceae	Janibacter	Janibacter hoylei
ref_mOTU_v2_4581	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Aeromicrobium	Aeromicrobium marinum
ref_mOTU_v2_2647	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria order incertae sedis	Actinobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Actinobacteria gen. incertae sedis	actinobacterium LLX17
ref_mOTU_v2_1592	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Propionibacteriales	Nocardioidaceae	Aeromicrobium	Aeromicrobium massiliense
ref_mOTU_v2_4328	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Geodermatophilales	Geodermatophilaceae	Modestobacter	Modestobacter marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3176	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Geodermatophilales	Geodermatophilaceae	Geodermatophilaceae gen. incertae sedis	Geodermatophilaceae bacterium URHA0031
ref_mOTU_v2_3630	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Geodermatophilales	Geodermatophilaceae	Modestobacter	Modestobacter caceresii
ref_mOTU_v2_2555	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Geodermatophilales	Geodermatophilaceae	Blastococcus	candidatus Blastococcus massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3161	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Geodermatophilales	Geodermatophilaceae	Geodermatophilaceae gen. incertae sedis	Geodermatophilaceae bacterium URHB0048
ref_mOTU_v2_2311	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Geodermatophilales	Geodermatophilaceae	Blastococcus	Blastococcus saxobsidens
ref_mOTU_v2_4436	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Geodermatophilales	Geodermatophilaceae	Geodermatophilus	Geodermatophilus obscurus
ref_mOTU_v2_3166	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Geodermatophilales	Geodermatophilaceae	Blastococcus	Blastococcus sp. URHD0036
ref_mOTU_v2_1843	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Pseudonocardiales	Pseudonocardiaceae	Actinomycetospora	Actinomycetospora chiangmaiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4012	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Frankia	Frankia alni
ref_mOTU_v2_4847	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Frankia	Frankia sp. QA3
ref_mOTU_v2_0251	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Frankia	Frankia sp. [C Allo2/BMG5.23/CcI3/CcI6/CeD]
ref_mOTU_v2_3916	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Frankia	Frankia sp. EAN1pec
ref_mOTU_v2_4080	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Frankia	Frankia sp. BCU110501
ref_mOTU_v2_3787	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Frankia	Frankia sp. BMG5.12
ref_mOTU_v2_3918	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Frankia	Frankia sp. CN3
ref_mOTU_v2_3917	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Frankia	Frankia sp. EuI1c
ref_mOTU_v2_4716	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	Frankiales	Frankiaceae	Frankia	Frankia symbiont of Datisca glomerata
ref_mOTU_v2_2458	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Polyangiaceae	Chondromyces	Chondromyces apiculatus
ref_mOTU_v2_2793	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Polyangiaceae	Sorangium	Sorangium cellulosum
ref_mOTU_v2_4276	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Polyangiaceae	Sorangium	Sorangium cellulosum
meta_mOTU_v2_6598	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7481	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5884	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria	unknown Gammaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6692	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	unknown Planctomycetales	unknown Planctomycetales	unknown Planctomycetales
meta_mOTU_v2_7028	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6912	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	unknown Planctomycetales	unknown Planctomycetales	unknown Planctomycetales
meta_mOTU_v2_6847	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6304	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7698	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6111	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes	unknown Planctomycetes
ref_mOTU_v2_2289	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Phycisphaerae	Phycisphaerales	Phycisphaeraceae	Phycisphaera	Phycisphaera mikurensis
meta_mOTU_v2_6003	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	unknown Planctomycetales	unknown Planctomycetales	unknown Planctomycetales
meta_mOTU_v2_5827	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6966	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5743	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2A
meta_mOTU_v2_5817	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2A
meta_mOTU_v2_6918	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2A
meta_mOTU_v2_7135	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2A
meta_mOTU_v2_6037	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2A
meta_mOTU_v2_6889	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2A
meta_mOTU_v2_7326	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7533	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2A
meta_mOTU_v2_6780	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5737	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6422	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6135	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3853	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Rubrobacteria	Rubrobacterales	Rubrobacteraceae	Rubrobacter	Rubrobacter xylanophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_4229	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Rubrobacteria	Rubrobacterales	Rubrobacteraceae	Rubrobacter	Rubrobacter radiotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_2092	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Patulibacteraceae	Patulibacter	Patulibacter americanus
ref_mOTU_v2_5178	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Patulibacteraceae	Patulibacter	Patulibacter minatonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4309	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Conexibacteraceae	Conexibacter	Conexibacter woesei
ref_mOTU_v2_2916	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Conexibacteraceae	Conexibacter	Conexibacter woesei
ref_mOTU_v2_3173	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Thermoleophilia	Solirubrobacterales	Solirubrobacterales fam. incertae sedis	Solirubrobacterales gen. incertae sedis	Solirubrobacterales bacterium URHD0059
ref_mOTU_v2_3701	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Anabaena	Anabaena sp. PCC 7108
ref_mOTU_v2_3865	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Anabaena	Anabaena cylindrica
ref_mOTU_v2_4447	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Aphanizomenonaceae	Raphidiopsis	Raphidiopsis brookii
ref_mOTU_v2_4446	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Aphanizomenonaceae	Cylindrospermopsis	Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii
ref_mOTU_v2_4476	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Trichormus	Trichormus azollae
ref_mOTU_v2_4295	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Anabaena	Anabaena sp. 90
ref_mOTU_v2_4505	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Cylindrospermum	Cylindrospermum stagnale
ref_mOTU_v2_4656	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Nostoc	Nostoc punctiforme
ref_mOTU_v2_1338	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Aphanizomenonaceae	Nodularia	Nodularia spumigena
ref_mOTU_v2_3982	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Nostoc	Nostoc sp. PCC 7107
ref_mOTU_v2_3814	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Anabaena	Anabaena variabilis
ref_mOTU_v2_1620	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Nostoc	Nostoc sp. PCC 7120
ref_mOTU_v2_3882	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Nostoc	Nostoc sp. PCC 7524
ref_mOTU_v2_4678	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Fortieaceae	Fortiea	Fortiea contorta
ref_mOTU_v2_5287	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Rivulariaceae	Calothrix	Calothrix sp. PCC 7507
ref_mOTU_v2_3536	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Tolypothrichaceae	Tolypothrix	[Scytonema hofmanni] UTEX B 1581
ref_mOTU_v2_3783	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Symphyonemataceae	Mastigocladopsis	Mastigocladopsis repens
ref_mOTU_v2_3995	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Rivulariaceae	Calothrix	Calothrix sp. PCC 7103
ref_mOTU_v2_2385	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Rivulariaceae	Calothrix	Calothrix parietina
ref_mOTU_v2_3085	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Rivulariaceae	Calothrix	Calothrix sp. 336/3
ref_mOTU_v2_2372	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Nostocaceae	Richelia	Richelia intracellularis
ref_mOTU_v2_4093	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Rivulariaceae	Rivularia	Rivularia sp. PCC 7116
ref_mOTU_v2_2405	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Hapalosiphonaceae	Fischerella	Fischerella sp. PCC 9339
ref_mOTU_v2_2395	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Hapalosiphonaceae	Fischerella	Fischerella sp. PCC 9431
ref_mOTU_v2_1496	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Hapalosiphonaceae	Fischerella	Fischerella thermalis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3924	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Hapalosiphonaceae	Fischerella	Fischerella muscicola
ref_mOTU_v2_2396	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Hapalosiphonaceae	Fischerella	Fischerella sp. PCC 9605
ref_mOTU_v2_2393	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Cyanobacteria order incertae sedis	Cyanobacteria fam. incertae sedis	Cyanobacteria gen. incertae sedis	cyanobacterium PCC 7702
ref_mOTU_v2_1287	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Nostocales	Chlorogloeopsidaceae	Chlorogloeopsis	Chlorogloeopsis fritschii
ref_mOTU_v2_3836	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcidiopsidales	Chroococcidiopsidaceae	Chroococcidiopsis	Chroococcidiopsis thermalis
ref_mOTU_v2_5170	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Merismopediaceae	Synechocystis	Synechocystis sp. PCC 7509
ref_mOTU_v2_2398	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcales	Chroococcaceae	Gloeocapsa	Gloeocapsa sp. PCC 7428
ref_mOTU_v2_2394	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Gomontiellaceae	Crinalium	Crinalium epipsammum
ref_mOTU_v2_4506	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Oscillatoriaceae	Oscillatoria	Oscillatoria acuminata
ref_mOTU_v2_4352	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Oscillatoriaceae	Moorea	Moorea producens
ref_mOTU_v2_2399	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Microcoleaceae	Microcoleus	Microcoleus sp. PCC 7113
ref_mOTU_v2_2430	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Coleofasciculaceae	Coleofasciculus	Coleofasciculus chthonoplastes
ref_mOTU_v2_1397	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Microcoleaceae	Arthrospira	Arthrospira sp. [C maxima/platensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_1463	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Microcoleaceae	Arthrospira	Arthrospira platensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0935	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Microcoleaceae	Planktothrix	Planktothrix sp. [C agardhii/prolifica/rubescens]
ref_mOTU_v2_3940	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Oscillatoriaceae	Lyngbya	Lyngbya sp. PCC 8106
ref_mOTU_v2_3756	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Microcoleaceae	Trichodesmium	Trichodesmium erythraeum
ref_mOTU_v2_3719	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Oscillatoriaceae	Oscillatoria	Oscillatoria nigro-viridis
ref_mOTU_v2_4925	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Microcoleaceae	Microcoleus	Microcoleus vaginatus
ref_mOTU_v2_4189	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Microcoleaceae	Kamptonema	Kamptonema formosum
ref_mOTU_v2_2400	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Oscillatoriaceae	Oscillatoria	Oscillatoria sp. PCC 10802
ref_mOTU_v2_2392	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Chamaesiphonaceae	Chamaesiphon	Chamaesiphon minutus
ref_mOTU_v2_1392	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Cyanothecaceae	Cyanothece	Cyanothece sp. ATCC 51142
ref_mOTU_v2_4146	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Cyanothecaceae	Cyanothece	Cyanothece sp. CCY0110
ref_mOTU_v2_3473	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcales	Aphanothecaceae	candidatus Atelocyanobacterium	candidatus Atelocyanobacterium thalassa
ref_mOTU_v2_3635	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcales	Aphanothecaceae	candidatus Atelocyanobacterium	candidatus Atelocyanobacterium thalassa
ref_mOTU_v2_1367	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Cyanothecaceae	Cyanothece	Cyanothece sp. [C PCC 8801/PCC 8802]
ref_mOTU_v2_4714	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Cyanothecaceae	Cyanothece	Cyanothece sp. PCC 7424
ref_mOTU_v2_4360	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Cyanothecaceae	Cyanothece	Cyanothece sp. PCC 7822
ref_mOTU_v2_2428	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Pleurocapsales	Hyellaceae	Pleurocapsa	Pleurocapsa minor
ref_mOTU_v2_0307	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Merismopediaceae	Synechocystis	Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803
ref_mOTU_v2_2312	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Merismopediaceae	Synechocystis	Synechocystis sp. PCC 6714
ref_mOTU_v2_1341	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. [C NKBG042902/PCC 7002]
ref_mOTU_v2_3277	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. NKBG15041c
ref_mOTU_v2_1819	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Leptolyngbyaceae	Leptolyngbya	Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 7376
ref_mOTU_v2_0580	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcales	Microcystaceae	Microcystis	Microcystis aeruginosa
ref_mOTU_v2_3661	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Pleurocapsales	Hyellaceae	Myxosarcina	Myxosarcina sp. GI1
ref_mOTU_v2_2427	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Pleurocapsales	Hyellaceae	Pleurocapsa	Pleurocapsa sp. PCC 7319
ref_mOTU_v2_1576	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Pleurocapsales	Xenococcaceae	Xenococcus	Xenococcus sp. PCC 7305
ref_mOTU_v2_1818	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Pleurocapsales	Dermocarpellaceae	Stanieria	Stanieria cyanosphaera
ref_mOTU_v2_4923	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcales	Cyanobacteriaceae	Cyanobacterium	Cyanobacterium aponinum
ref_mOTU_v2_2268	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcales	Chroococcaceae	Geminocystis	Geminocystis herdmanii
ref_mOTU_v2_3907	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcales	Cyanobacteriaceae	Cyanobacterium	Cyanobacterium stanieri
ref_mOTU_v2_1579	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcales	Chroococcaceae	Gloeocapsa	Gloeocapsa sp. PCC 73106
ref_mOTU_v2_2248	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Oscillatoriales fam. incertae sedis	Oscillatoriales gen. incertae sedis	filamentous cyanobacterium ESFC-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2401	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Spirulinales	Spirulinaceae	Spirulina	Spirulina subsalsa
ref_mOTU_v2_4709	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcales	Aphanothecaceae	Halothece	Halothece sp. PCC 7418
ref_mOTU_v2_2993	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Dactylococcopsis	Dactylococcopsis salina
ref_mOTU_v2_4564	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Chroococcales	Aphanothecaceae	Rubidibacter	Rubidibacter lacunae
ref_mOTU_v2_1577	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Coleofasciculaceae	Geitlerinema	Geitlerinema sp. PCC 7105
ref_mOTU_v2_5027	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Oscillatoriales fam. incertae sedis	Oscillatoriales gen. incertae sedis	Oscillatoriales cyanobacterium JSC-12
ref_mOTU_v2_3866	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Leptolyngbyaceae	Leptolyngbya	Leptolyngbya boryana
ref_mOTU_v2_3566	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Leptolyngbyaceae	Leptolyngbya	Leptolyngbya sp. JSC-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2646	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Leptolyngbyaceae	Leptolyngbya	Leptolyngbya sp. KIOST-1
ref_mOTU_v2_2429	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Leptolyngbyaceae	Nodosilinea	Nodosilinea nodulosa
ref_mOTU_v2_2403	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Leptolyngbyaceae	Leptolyngbya	Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 6406
ref_mOTU_v2_1578	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Leptolyngbyaceae	Leptolyngbya	Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 7375
ref_mOTU_v2_3211	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Leptolyngbyaceae	Leptolyngbya	Leptolyngbya sp. Heron Island J
ref_mOTU_v2_5150	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. PCC 7335
ref_mOTU_v2_2397	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Coleofasciculaceae	Geitlerinema	Geitlerinema sp. PCC 7407
ref_mOTU_v2_4017	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Acaryochloridaceae	Acaryochloris	Acaryochloris marina
ref_mOTU_v2_3751	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Thermosynechococcus	Thermosynechococcus elongatus
ref_mOTU_v2_3237	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Thermosynechococcus	Thermosynechococcus sp. NK55a
ref_mOTU_v2_3744	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. PCC 6312
ref_mOTU_v2_4164	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Oscillatoriales	Cyanothecaceae	Cyanothece	Cyanothece sp. PCC 7425
ref_mOTU_v2_2402	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. PCC 7502
ref_mOTU_v2_2431	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Pseudanabaenaceae	Pseudanabaena	Pseudanabaena sp. PCC 6802
ref_mOTU_v2_4988	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Pseudanabaenaceae	Pseudanabaena	Pseudanabaena sp. PCC 7367
ref_mOTU_v2_3980	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Pseudanabaenaceae	Prochlorothrix	Prochlorothrix hollandica
ref_mOTU_v2_0597	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus elongatus
ref_mOTU_v2_3703	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. WH 8016
meta_mOTU_v2_6412	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	unknown Synechococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_4689	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. CC9311
meta_mOTU_v2_7049	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	unknown Synechococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_5945	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	unknown Synechococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_7197	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	unknown Synechococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_6604	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	unknown Synechococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_3994	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. WH 7803
ref_mOTU_v2_4621	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. WH 7805
ref_mOTU_v2_3784	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. RS9916
ref_mOTU_v2_3702	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. WH 8109
ref_mOTU_v2_4574	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. KORDI-52
ref_mOTU_v2_1777	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. CC9605
ref_mOTU_v2_3976	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. CC9902
ref_mOTU_v2_3941	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. BL107
ref_mOTU_v2_4994	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. WH 8102
ref_mOTU_v2_4573	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. KORDI-49
meta_mOTU_v2_6589	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	unknown Synechococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_5448	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	unknown Synechococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_6067	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	unknown Synechococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_2876	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. KORDI-100
ref_mOTU_v2_1778	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. CC9616
ref_mOTU_v2_3785	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. RS9917
meta_mOTU_v2_6694	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	unknown Prochlorococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_6691	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	unknown Prochloraceae	unknown Prochloraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7747	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	unknown Prochlorococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_7035	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	unknown Prochlorococcus
ref_mOTU_v2_2505	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. W2
ref_mOTU_v2_3705	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3532	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1237	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. [C scB241_527L22/scB243_495D8/scB243_498A3/scB245a_519O21]
ref_mOTU_v2_1235	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. [C scB241_526D20/scB241_527L15/scB241_528N20/scB241_529C4/scB241_529J11/scB241_529O19/scB243_495K23/scB243_495N16/scB243_496G15/scB243_498B22/scB243_498C16/scB243_498P3/scB243_498P15/scB245a_518O7/scB245a_520F22/scB245a_521B10/scB245a_521O20]
ref_mOTU_v2_4620	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3595	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. MIT 0604
ref_mOTU_v2_1240	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1236	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. [C scB241_528P18/scB241_529D18/scB241_529J15/scB243_495L20/scB243_496A2/scB243_497J18/scB243_498N4/scB245a_518A6/scB245a_518A17]
ref_mOTU_v2_1531	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1239	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. scB241_528N17
ref_mOTU_v2_1283	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_5182	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_4903	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_4619	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1282	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1281	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3542	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. scB241_528O2
ref_mOTU_v2_3544	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. scB245a_520K10
ref_mOTU_v2_3704	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1289	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
meta_mOTU_v2_6565	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	unknown Prochlorococcus
meta_mOTU_v2_6384	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales
meta_mOTU_v2_6681	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales
meta_mOTU_v2_5558	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3596	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. MIT 0801
ref_mOTU_v2_1284	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
meta_mOTU_v2_5838	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales
meta_mOTU_v2_6769	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	unknown Synechococcaceae	unknown Synechococcaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7278	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales
meta_mOTU_v2_5614	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales
meta_mOTU_v2_7511	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales
meta_mOTU_v2_6950	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria	unknown Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales	unknown Synechococcales
meta_mOTU_v2_7121	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5703	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_5183	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3579	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. MIT 0601
ref_mOTU_v2_1253	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1252	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. MIT 0602
ref_mOTU_v2_1255	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1254	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Prochloraceae	Prochlorococcus	Prochlorococcus sp. MIT 0701
ref_mOTU_v2_3721	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Cyanobium	Cyanobium sp. PCC 7001
ref_mOTU_v2_3575	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Cyanobium	Cyanobium sp. CACIAM 14
ref_mOTU_v2_3908	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Cyanobium	Cyanobium gracile
ref_mOTU_v2_4805	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. WH 5701
ref_mOTU_v2_3800	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. CB0101
ref_mOTU_v2_3801	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. CB0205
ref_mOTU_v2_3975	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. RCC307
ref_mOTU_v2_2433	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Gloeobacterales	Gloeobacteraceae	Gloeobacter	Gloeobacter kilaueensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3835	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Gloeobacterales	Gloeobacteraceae	Gloeobacter	Gloeobacter violaceus
ref_mOTU_v2_3997	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. JA-3-3Ab
ref_mOTU_v2_3998	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. JA-2-3B'a(2-13)
ref_mOTU_v2_3743	Bacteria	Cyanobacteria/Melainabacteria group	Cyanobacteria	Synechococcales	Synechococcaceae	Synechococcus	Synechococcus sp. PCC 7336
ref_mOTU_v2_2994	Bacteria	Armatimonadetes	Chthonomonadetes	Chthonomonadales	Chthonomonadaceae	Chthonomonas	Chthonomonas calidirosea
ref_mOTU_v2_4727	Bacteria	Armatimonadetes	Fimbriimonadia	Fimbriimonadales	Fimbriimonadaceae	Fimbriimonas	Fimbriimonas ginsengisoli
meta_mOTU_v2_7405	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas	Gemmatimonas sp. SG8_23
meta_mOTU_v2_6367	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	unknown Gemmatimonadetes	unknown Gemmatimonadetes	unknown Gemmatimonadetes	unknown Gemmatimonadetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7216	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas	Gemmatimonas sp. SG8_23
meta_mOTU_v2_6555	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas	Gemmatimonas sp. SG8_23
meta_mOTU_v2_6035	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas	Gemmatimonas sp. SG8_23
meta_mOTU_v2_6025	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas	Gemmatimonas sp. SG8_23
meta_mOTU_v2_7442	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas	Gemmatimonas sp. SG8_23
meta_mOTU_v2_5794	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas	Gemmatimonas sp. SG8_23
meta_mOTU_v2_5388	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_4105	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas	Gemmatimonas aurantiaca
ref_mOTU_v2_3155	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatimonas	Gemmatimonas phototrophica
ref_mOTU_v2_5011	Bacteria	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadetes	Gemmatimonadales	Gemmatimonadaceae	Gemmatirosa	Gemmatirosa kalamazoonesis
ref_mOTU_v2_5138	Bacteria	candidatus Latescibacteria	candidatus Latescibacteria class incertae sedis	candidatus Latescibacteria ord. incertae sedis	candidatus Latescibacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Latescibacter	candidatus Latescibacter anaerobius
ref_mOTU_v2_4703	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Trueperaceae	Truepera	Truepera radiovictrix
meta_mOTU_v2_5716	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Trueperaceae	Truepera	Truepera radiovictrix
ref_mOTU_v2_5213	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus peraridilitoris
ref_mOTU_v2_5157	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus pimensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4905	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus gobiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1932	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus frigens
ref_mOTU_v2_1933	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus marmoris
ref_mOTU_v2_0479	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus ficus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4817	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus proteolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1001	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus wulumuqiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0481	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus radiodurans
ref_mOTU_v2_4471	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus deserti
ref_mOTU_v2_3991	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus geothermalis
ref_mOTU_v2_3659	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus sp. YIM 77859
ref_mOTU_v2_0480	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus murrayi [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3548	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus phoenicis
ref_mOTU_v2_1930	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus apachensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1931	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus aquatilis
ref_mOTU_v2_4845	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus maricopensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1934	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Deinococcales	Deinococcaceae	Deinococcus	Deinococcus misasensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3686	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus sp. 2.9
ref_mOTU_v2_2202	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus islandicus
ref_mOTU_v2_1048	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus sp. [C parvatiensis/thermophilus]
ref_mOTU_v2_4364	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus aquaticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3465	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus tengchongensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3059	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus caliditerrae
ref_mOTU_v2_2200	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus antranikianii
ref_mOTU_v2_0541	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus scotoductus [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3450	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus amyloliquefaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_1784	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus sp. CCB_US3_UF1
ref_mOTU_v2_2201	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus igniterrae
ref_mOTU_v2_0540	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Thermus	Thermus oshimai
ref_mOTU_v2_5160	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus	Meiothermus chliarophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2055	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus	Meiothermus timidus
ref_mOTU_v2_4438	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus	Meiothermus silvanus
ref_mOTU_v2_2053	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus	Meiothermus cerbereus
ref_mOTU_v2_2054	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus	Meiothermus taiwanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1015	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus	Meiothermus ruber
ref_mOTU_v2_4622	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Meiothermus	Meiothermus rufus
ref_mOTU_v2_5044	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Marinithermus	Marinithermus hydrothermalis
ref_mOTU_v2_4755	Bacteria	Deinococcus-Thermus	Deinococci	Thermales	Thermaceae	Oceanithermus	Oceanithermus profundus
meta_mOTU_v2_6344	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7165	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5760	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7504	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
ref_mOTU_v2_5165	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Anaerolineae	Anaerolineales	Anaerolineaceae	Anaerolinea	Anaerolinea thermophila
ref_mOTU_v2_5155	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Caldilineae	Caldilineales	Caldilineaceae	Caldilinea	Caldilinea aerophila
ref_mOTU_v2_2247	Bacteria	Bacteria phylum incertae sedis	Bacteria class incertae sedis	Bacteria order incertae sedis	Bacteria fam. incertae sedis	Bacteria gen. incertae sedis	bacterium JKG1
ref_mOTU_v2_3974	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexia	Herpetosiphonales	Herpetosiphonaceae	Herpetosiphon	Herpetosiphon aurantiacus
ref_mOTU_v2_4013	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexia	Chloroflexales	Chloroflexaceae	Chloroflexus	Chloroflexus aggregans
ref_mOTU_v2_3626	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexia	Chloroflexales	Chloroflexaceae	Chloroflexus	Chloroflexus sp. MS-G
ref_mOTU_v2_5038	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexia	Chloroflexales	Chloroflexaceae	Chloroflexus	Chloroflexus sp. Y-396-1
ref_mOTU_v2_1343	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexia	Chloroflexales	Chloroflexaceae	Chloroflexus	Chloroflexus aurantiacus
ref_mOTU_v2_4950	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexia	Chloroflexales	Oscillochloridaceae	Oscillochloris	Oscillochloris trichoides
ref_mOTU_v2_4113	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexia	Chloroflexales	Roseiflexaceae	Roseiflexus	Roseiflexus castenholzii
ref_mOTU_v2_4067	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Chloroflexia	Chloroflexales	Roseiflexaceae	Roseiflexus	Roseiflexus sp. RS-1
ref_mOTU_v2_3190	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Thermomicrobia	Thermomicrobia order incertae sedis	Thermomicrobia fam. incertae sedis	Thermorudis	Thermorudis peleae
ref_mOTU_v2_3928	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Thermomicrobia	Thermomicrobiales	Thermomicrobiaceae	Thermomicrobium	Thermomicrobium roseum
ref_mOTU_v2_4337	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Thermomicrobia	Sphaerobacterales	Sphaerobacteraceae	Sphaerobacter	Sphaerobacter thermophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_4431	Bacteria	Thermobaculum phylum incertae sedis	Thermobaculum class incertae sedis	Thermobaculum order incertae sedis	Thermobaculum fam. incertae sedis	Thermobaculum	Thermobaculum terrenum
ref_mOTU_v2_4345	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Ktedonobacteria	Ktedonobacterales	Ktedonobacteraceae	Ktedonobacter	Ktedonobacter racemifer
ref_mOTU_v2_3188	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Ktedonobacteria	Thermogemmatisporales	Thermogemmatisporaceae	Thermogemmatispora	Thermogemmatispora carboxidivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1985	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Holophagae	Holophagales	Holophagaceae	Geothrix	Geothrix fermentans
ref_mOTU_v2_5123	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Holophagae	Holophagales	Holophagaceae	Holophaga	Holophaga foetida
ref_mOTU_v2_5163	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Terriglobus	Terriglobus roseus
ref_mOTU_v2_4186	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Terriglobus	Terriglobus saanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3879	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Acidobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Acidobacteriaceae bacterium TAA166
ref_mOTU_v2_4662	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Acidobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Acidobacteria bacterium KBS 146
ref_mOTU_v2_2834	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Acidobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Acidobacteriaceae bacterium KBS 89
ref_mOTU_v2_2485	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Granulicella	Granulicella tundricola
ref_mOTU_v2_4790	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Granulicella	Granulicella mallensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2833	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Acidobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Acidobacteriaceae bacterium KBS 83
ref_mOTU_v2_3192	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Acidobacterium	Acidobacterium sp. PMMR2
ref_mOTU_v2_3812	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Acidobacterium	Acidobacterium capsulatum
ref_mOTU_v2_3761	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	candidatus Koribacter	candidatus Koribacter versatilis
meta_mOTU_v2_6353	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_2835	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteriia	Acidobacteriales	Acidobacteriaceae	Acidobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Acidobacteriaceae bacterium KBS 96
ref_mOTU_v2_3087	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Solibacteres	Solibacterales	Solibacterales fam. incertae sedis	Bryobacter	Bryobacter aggregatus
ref_mOTU_v2_3805	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Solibacteres	Solibacterales	Solibacteraceae	candidatus Solibacter	candidatus Solibacter usitatus
ref_mOTU_v2_5264	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Blastocatellia	Blastocatellia order incertae sedis	Blastocatellia fam. incertae sedis	Chloracidobacterium	Chloracidobacterium thermophilum
meta_mOTU_v2_5380	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6186	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6223	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6967	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6708	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria	unknown Acidobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_0203	Bacteria	candidatus Aminicenantes	candidatus Aminicenantes class incertae sedis	candidatus Aminicenantes order incertae sedis	candidatus Aminicenantes fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Aminicenantes gen. incertae sedis	Aminicenantes bacterium SCGC AAA252-F08
ref_mOTU_v2_3020	Bacteria	Acidobacteria	Acidobacteria class incertae sedis [subdivision 23]	Acidobacteria order incertae sedis [subdivision 23]	Acidobacteria fam. incertae sedis [subdivision 23]	Thermoanaerobaculum	Thermoanaerobaculum aquaticum
meta_mOTU_v2_6747	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7708	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5629	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6977	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7321	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6299	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7427	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7208	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6993	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6799	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6572	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5395	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_6957	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5976	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7036	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6480	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_6569	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6471	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5346	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6124	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6679	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6007	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_6487	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7374	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6133	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7349	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6376	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5491	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6759	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5532	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6726	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5964	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6101	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7102	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6876	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6984	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7545	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7378	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5609	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5699	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6386	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6880	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5931	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5458	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6234	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5519	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	uncultured candidatus Thalassoarchaea euryarchaeot
meta_mOTU_v2_5939	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6667	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6611	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7079	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6396	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5470	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6570	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6137	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	uncultured candidatus Thalassoarchaea euryarchaeot
meta_mOTU_v2_6731	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7409	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6214	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	uncultured candidatus Thalassoarchaea euryarchaeot
meta_mOTU_v2_7633	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_5864	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	unknown candidatus Thalassoarchaea	uncultured candidatus Thalassoarchaea euryarchaeot
meta_mOTU_v2_6633	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6379	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7529	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7771	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6839	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7410	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5443	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6411	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6155	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7073	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7634	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6170	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6541	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5563	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	unknown Dehalococcoidia	unknown Dehalococcoidia	unknown Dehalococcoidia	unknown Dehalococcoidia
meta_mOTU_v2_7333	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_5901	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7642	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	unknown Dehalococcoidia	unknown Dehalococcoidia	unknown Dehalococcoidia	unknown Dehalococcoidia
meta_mOTU_v2_6689	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7719	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7654	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5756	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6488	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7418	Bacteria	Actinobacteria	Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	unknown Actinobacteria	marine actinobacterium MedAcidi-G2B
meta_mOTU_v2_5701	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_6895	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_6166	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6451	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_5619	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6866	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7065	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7322	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6767	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7651	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6157	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_6836	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6623	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_5452	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6996	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_7264	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_5847	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_7472	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6113	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6421	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6450	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5533	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7310	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7720	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_7128	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6619	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_6749	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5321	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5920	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6099	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6372	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5508	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6132	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7478	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6610	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6746	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	Marine Group III euryarchaeote CG-Epi2
meta_mOTU_v2_5542	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_6594	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6389	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	Marine Group III euryarchaeote CG-Bathy1
meta_mOTU_v2_5786	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
ref_mOTU_v2_3700	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus cleftensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2323	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus zilligii
ref_mOTU_v2_4803	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus kodakarensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus nautili
ref_mOTU_v2_4603	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus gammatolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_3829	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus sp. AM4
ref_mOTU_v2_3610	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus eurythermalis
ref_mOTU_v2_1648	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus sp. 4557
ref_mOTU_v2_4416	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus onnurineus
ref_mOTU_v2_4150	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus barophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_4563	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus paralvinellae
ref_mOTU_v2_5144	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus sp. PK
ref_mOTU_v2_4415	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus litoralis
ref_mOTU_v2_4623	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Thermococcus	Thermococcus sibiricus
ref_mOTU_v2_3100	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Palaeococcus	Palaeococcus pacificus
ref_mOTU_v2_4442	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Pyrococcus	Pyrococcus yayanosii
ref_mOTU_v2_4044	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Pyrococcus	Pyrococcus sp. NA2
ref_mOTU_v2_4838	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Pyrococcus	Pyrococcus horikoshii
ref_mOTU_v2_3871	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Pyrococcus	Pyrococcus abyssi
ref_mOTU_v2_2432	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Pyrococcus	Pyrococcus sp. ST04
ref_mOTU_v2_0729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermococci	Thermococcales	Thermococcaceae	Pyrococcus	Pyrococcus furiosus
meta_mOTU_v2_6048	Archaea	candidatus Bathyarchaeota	unknown candidatus Bathyarchaeota	unknown candidatus Bathyarchaeota	unknown candidatus Bathyarchaeota	unknown candidatus Bathyarchaeota	unknown candidatus Bathyarchaeota
ref_mOTU_v2_0135	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halorhabdus	Halorhabdus tiamatea
ref_mOTU_v2_4397	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halorhabdus	Halorhabdus utahensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2665	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Haloarcula	Haloarcula argentinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2625	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Haloarcula	Haloarcula japonica
ref_mOTU_v2_1166	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Haloarcula	Haloarcula hispanica
ref_mOTU_v2_2624	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Haloarcula	Haloarcula amylolytica
ref_mOTU_v2_1318	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Haloarcula	Haloarcula sp. [C californiae/marismortui/sinaiiensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Haloarcula	Haloarcula vallismortis
ref_mOTU_v2_0259	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halomicrobium	Halomicrobium sp. [C katesii/mukohataei]
ref_mOTU_v2_4980	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halosimplex	Halosimplex carlsbadense
ref_mOTU_v2_3065	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Salinarchaeum	Salinarchaeum sp. Harcht-Bsk1
ref_mOTU_v2_1355	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Halobiforma	Halobiforma lacisalsi
ref_mOTU_v2_1510	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natronobacterium	Natronobacterium gregoryi
ref_mOTU_v2_2949	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Halopiger	Halopiger djelfamassiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4981	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Halopiger	Halopiger xanaduensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2950	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Halopiger	Halopiger goleamassiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4451	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Haloterrigena	Haloterrigena turkmenica
ref_mOTU_v2_2635	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Haloterrigena	Haloterrigena salina
ref_mOTU_v2_2643	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natronolimnobius	Natronolimnobius innermongolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_3914	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natrialba	Natrialba asiatica
ref_mOTU_v2_0872	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natrialba	Natrialba sp. [C aegyptia/taiwanensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_2626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Halobiforma	Halobiforma nitratireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_2637	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natrialba	Natrialba chahannaoensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1433	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natrialba	Natrialba magadii
ref_mOTU_v2_2638	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natrialba	Natrialba hulunbeirensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0713	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natrinema	Natrinema gari [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natrinema	Natrinema altunense
ref_mOTU_v2_2639	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natrinema	Natrinema pallidum
ref_mOTU_v2_2640	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natrinema	Natrinema versiforme
ref_mOTU_v2_0871	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natrialbaceae gen. [C Haloterrigena/Natrinema]	Natrialbaceae sp. [C Haloterrigena thermotolerans/Haloterrigena jeotgali/Natrinema pellirubrum]
ref_mOTU_v2_2668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Haloterrigena	Haloterrigena limicola
ref_mOTU_v2_2502	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Halopiger	Halopiger salifodinae
ref_mOTU_v2_2669	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natronorubrum	Natronorubrum sulfidifaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_2644	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natronorubrum	Natronorubrum bangense
ref_mOTU_v2_0406	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natronorubrum	Natronorubrum tibetense
ref_mOTU_v2_2642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natronococcus	Natronococcus jeotgali
ref_mOTU_v2_4821	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natronococcus	Natronococcus occultus
ref_mOTU_v2_2641	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Natronococcus	Natronococcus amylolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4982	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Halostagnicola	Halostagnicola larsenii
ref_mOTU_v2_4983	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Halovivax	Halovivax ruber
ref_mOTU_v2_2636	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Natrialbales	Natrialbaceae	Halovivax	Halovivax asiaticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1400	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halogeometricum	Halogeometricum borinquense
ref_mOTU_v2_2634	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halogeometricum	Halogeometricum pallidum
ref_mOTU_v2_3438	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halobellus	Halobellus rufus
ref_mOTU_v2_5167	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Haloplanus	Haloplanus natans
ref_mOTU_v2_0868	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Haloferax	Haloferax sp. [C elongans/larsenii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0626	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Haloferax	Haloferax sp. [C alexandrinus/denitrificans/gibbonsii/lucentense/prahovense/sulfurifontis/volcanii]
ref_mOTU_v2_4729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Haloferax	Haloferax mucosum
ref_mOTU_v2_1420	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Haloferax	Haloferax mediterranei
ref_mOTU_v2_2549	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halogranum	Halogranum salarium
ref_mOTU_v2_1688	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halonotius	Halonotius sp. J07HN4
ref_mOTU_v2_2749	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halonotius	Halonotius sp. J07HN6
ref_mOTU_v2_4927	Archaea	Archaea phylum incertae sedis	Archaea class incertae sedis	Archaea order incertae sedis	Archaea fam. incertae sedis	Archaea gen. incertae sedis	halophilic archaeon DL31
ref_mOTU_v2_3179	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halolamina	Halolamina rubra
ref_mOTU_v2_1358	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Haloquadratum	Haloquadratum walsbyi
ref_mOTU_v2_2747	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Haloquadratum	Haloquadratum walsbyi
ref_mOTU_v2_2748	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Haloquadratum	Haloquadratum walsbyi
ref_mOTU_v2_2667	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum kocurii
ref_mOTU_v2_2632	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum lipolyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_4216	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum halophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_2633	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum saccharovorum
ref_mOTU_v2_4221	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum lacusprofundi
ref_mOTU_v2_2666	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum aidingense
ref_mOTU_v2_3577	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum sp. BV1
ref_mOTU_v2_0869	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum sp. [C arcis/distributum/litoreum/terrestre]
ref_mOTU_v2_2465	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum sp. T3
ref_mOTU_v2_2630	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum californiense
ref_mOTU_v2_2004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum ezzemoulense
ref_mOTU_v2_2631	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum coriense
ref_mOTU_v2_0870	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Haloferacales	Haloferacaceae	Halorubrum	Halorubrum sp. [C hochstenium/tebenquichense]
ref_mOTU_v2_1690	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriales fam. incertae sedis	Halobacteriales gen. incertae sedis	haloarchaeon 3A1_DGR
ref_mOTU_v2_3051	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	candidatus Halobonum	candidatus Halobonum tyrrellensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1504	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halalkalicoccus	Halalkalicoccus jeotgali
ref_mOTU_v2_4048	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Natronomonas	Natronomonas pharaonis
ref_mOTU_v2_3860	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Natronomonas	Natronomonas moolapensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2265	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halococcus	Halococcus hamelinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5185	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halococcus	Halococcus morrhuae
ref_mOTU_v2_2629	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halococcus	Halococcus thailandensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2807	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halococcus	Halococcus sediminicola
ref_mOTU_v2_2479	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halococcus	Halococcus agarilyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_2628	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halococcus	Halococcus salifodinae
ref_mOTU_v2_2627	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halococcus	Halococcus saccharolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3492	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halapricum	Halapricum salinum
ref_mOTU_v2_1719	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriales fam. incertae sedis	Halobacteriales gen. incertae sedis	halophilic archaeon J07HX64
ref_mOTU_v2_3490	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Haladaptatus	Haladaptatus cibarius
ref_mOTU_v2_1509	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Haladaptatus	Haladaptatus paucihalophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_1408	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halobacterium	Halobacterium salinarum
ref_mOTU_v2_4917	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halobacterium	Halobacterium sp. DL1
ref_mOTU_v2_2801	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	Halobacteriales	Halobacteriaceae	Halarchaeum	Halarchaeum acidiphilum
meta_mOTU_v2_7224	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	unknown Halobacteria	unknown Halobacteria	unknown Halobacteria	unknown Halobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5808	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Halobacteria	unknown Halobacteria	unknown Halobacteria	unknown Halobacteria	unknown Halobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_4061	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanocellales	Methanocellaceae	Methanocella	Methanocella arvoryzae
ref_mOTU_v2_1642	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanocellales	Methanocellaceae	Methanocella	Methanocella conradii
ref_mOTU_v2_3922	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanocellales	Methanocellaceae	Methanocella	Methanocella paludicola
ref_mOTU_v2_4287	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanoregulaceae	Methanoregula	Methanoregula boonei
ref_mOTU_v2_4604	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanoregulaceae	Methanoregula	Methanoregula formicica
ref_mOTU_v2_4004	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanospirillaceae	Methanospirillum	Methanospirillum hungatei
ref_mOTU_v2_5080	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanoregulaceae	Methanolinea	Methanolinea tarda
ref_mOTU_v2_4402	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanoregulaceae	Methanosphaerula	Methanosphaerula palustris
ref_mOTU_v2_3895	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanomicrobiaceae	Methanofollis	Methanofollis liminatans
ref_mOTU_v2_4085	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanomicrobiaceae	Methanoculleus	Methanoculleus marisnigri
ref_mOTU_v2_5212	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanomicrobiaceae	Methanoplanus	Methanoplanus limicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3797	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanomicrobiaceae	Methanolacinia	Methanolacinia paynteri
ref_mOTU_v2_4779	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanomicrobiaceae	Methanolacinia	Methanolacinia petrolearia
ref_mOTU_v2_4823	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanomicrobiaceae	Methanomicrobium	Methanomicrobium mobile
ref_mOTU_v2_4199	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanocorpusculaceae	Methanocorpusculum	Methanocorpusculum labreanum
ref_mOTU_v2_2060	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanomicrobiales	Methanocorpusculaceae	Methanocorpusculum	Methanocorpusculum bavaricum
ref_mOTU_v2_3729	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcina	Methanosarcina acetivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_0156	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcina	Methanosarcina sp. [C mazei/soligelidi]
ref_mOTU_v2_3862	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosarcina	Methanosarcina barkeri
ref_mOTU_v2_4778	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanosalsum	Methanosalsum zhilinae
ref_mOTU_v2_4474	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanohalophilus	Methanohalophilus mahii
ref_mOTU_v2_1745	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus	Methanolobus psychrophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_1739	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanolobus	Methanolobus tindarius
ref_mOTU_v2_5040	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanomethylovorans	Methanomethylovorans hollandica
ref_mOTU_v2_3840	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides	Methanococcoides burtonii
ref_mOTU_v2_3788	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanococcoides	Methanococcoides methylutens
ref_mOTU_v2_4687	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosarcinaceae	Methanohalobium	Methanohalobium evestigatum
ref_mOTU_v2_3229	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	candidatus Methanoperedenaceae	candidatus Methanoperedens	candidatus Methanoperedens nitroreducens
ref_mOTU_v2_1783	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosaetaceae	Methanosaeta	Methanosaeta harundinacea
ref_mOTU_v2_4054	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosaetaceae	Methanosaeta	Methanosaeta thermophila
ref_mOTU_v2_5281	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methanosaetaceae	Methanosaeta	Methanosaeta concilii
ref_mOTU_v2_2061	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	Methanosarcinales	Methermicoccaceae	Methermicoccus	Methermicoccus shengliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4588	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Ferroglobus	Ferroglobus placidus
ref_mOTU_v2_4517	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Geoglobus	Geoglobus acetivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4814	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobus	Archaeoglobus veneficus
ref_mOTU_v2_4125	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobus	Archaeoglobus sulfaticallidus
ref_mOTU_v2_1082	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobus	Archaeoglobus fulgidus
ref_mOTU_v2_4534	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Archaeoglobi	Archaeoglobales	Archaeoglobaceae	Archaeoglobus	Archaeoglobus profundus
ref_mOTU_v2_4286	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanococcaceae	Methanococcus	Methanococcus voltae
ref_mOTU_v2_0237	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanococcaceae	Methanococcus	Methanococcus maripaludis
ref_mOTU_v2_4190	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanococcaceae	Methanococcus	Methanococcus maripaludis
ref_mOTU_v2_4262	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanococcaceae	Methanococcus	Methanococcus maripaludis
ref_mOTU_v2_4232	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanococcaceae	Methanococcus	Methanococcus maripaludis
ref_mOTU_v2_4197	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanococcaceae	Methanococcus	Methanococcus vannielii
ref_mOTU_v2_4413	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanococcaceae	Methanothermococcus	Methanothermococcus thermolithotrophicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4697	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanococcaceae	Methanothermococcus	Methanothermococcus okinawensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4222	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanococcaceae	Methanococcus	Methanococcus aeolicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4698	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanotorris	Methanotorris formicicus
ref_mOTU_v2_5075	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanotorris	Methanotorris igneus
ref_mOTU_v2_2990	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanocaldococcus	Methanocaldococcus bathoardescens
ref_mOTU_v2_3817	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanocaldococcus	Methanocaldococcus jannaschii
ref_mOTU_v2_4684	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanocaldococcus	Methanocaldococcus sp. FS406-22
ref_mOTU_v2_4538	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanocaldococcus	Methanocaldococcus fervens
ref_mOTU_v2_4556	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanocaldococcus	Methanocaldococcus vulcanius
ref_mOTU_v2_4537	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanocaldococcus	Methanocaldococcus infernus
ref_mOTU_v2_0260	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanococci	Methanococcales	Methanocaldococcaceae	Methanocaldococcus	Methanocaldococcus villosus
ref_mOTU_v2_3728	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanothermobacter	Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4987	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanothermobacter	Methanothermobacter marburgensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4653	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobrevibacter	Methanobrevibacter ruminantium
ref_mOTU_v2_0799	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobrevibacter	Methanobrevibacter boviskoreani [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3338	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobrevibacter	Methanobrevibacter wolinii
ref_mOTU_v2_1385	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobrevibacter	Methanobrevibacter smithii
ref_mOTU_v2_1384	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobrevibacter	Methanobrevibacter smithii
ref_mOTU_v2_3356	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobrevibacter	Methanobrevibacter oralis
ref_mOTU_v2_3263	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobrevibacter	Methanobrevibacter arboriphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2599	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobacterium	Methanobacterium sp. Maddingley MBC34
ref_mOTU_v2_2512	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobacterium	Methanobacterium formicicum
ref_mOTU_v2_3776	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobacterium	Methanobacterium formicicum
ref_mOTU_v2_3158	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobacterium	Methanobacterium sp. MB1
ref_mOTU_v2_5064	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobacterium	Methanobacterium lacus
ref_mOTU_v2_3574	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobacterium	Methanobacterium sp. SMA-27
ref_mOTU_v2_5041	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobacterium	Methanobacterium paludis
ref_mOTU_v2_4038	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanosphaera	Methanosphaera stadtmanae
ref_mOTU_v2_4122	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanobacteriaceae	Methanobacterium	Methanobacterium arcticum
ref_mOTU_v2_4414	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanobacteria	Methanobacteriales	Methanothermaceae	Methanothermus	Methanothermus fervidus
ref_mOTU_v2_3734	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanopyri	Methanopyrales	Methanopyraceae	Methanopyrus	Methanopyrus kandleri
ref_mOTU_v2_4283	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Desulfurococcaceae	Ignicoccus	Ignicoccus hospitalis
ref_mOTU_v2_1371	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobaceae	Metallosphaera	Metallosphaera sedula
ref_mOTU_v2_1566	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobaceae	Metallosphaera	Metallosphaera cuprina
ref_mOTU_v2_4756	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobaceae	Metallosphaera	Metallosphaera yellowstonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3053	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobales fam. incertae sedis	Sulfolobales gen. incertae sedis	Sulfolobales archaeon AZ1
ref_mOTU_v2_5195	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobaceae	Acidianus	Acidianus hospitalis
ref_mOTU_v2_2359	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobaceae	Acidianus	candidatus Acidianus copahuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1321	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobaceae	Sulfolobus	Sulfolobus solfataricus
ref_mOTU_v2_0576	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobaceae	Sulfolobus	Sulfolobus islandicus
ref_mOTU_v2_3872	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobaceae	Sulfolobus	Sulfolobus tokodaii
ref_mOTU_v2_0121	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobaceae	Sulfolobus	Sulfolobus acidocaldarius
ref_mOTU_v2_2953	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Sulfolobales	Sulfolobales fam. incertae sedis	Sulfolobales gen. incertae sedis	Sulfolobales archaeon Acd1
ref_mOTU_v2_4568	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Desulfurococcaceae	Ignisphaera	Ignisphaera aggregans
ref_mOTU_v2_2369	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Fervidicoccales	Fervidicoccaceae	Fervidicoccus	Fervidicoccus fontis
ref_mOTU_v2_4220	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Pyrodictiaceae	Hyperthermus	Hyperthermus butylicus
ref_mOTU_v2_4820	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Pyrodictiaceae	Pyrolobus	Pyrolobus fumarii
ref_mOTU_v2_2486	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Desulfurococcaceae	Aeropyrum	Aeropyrum camini
ref_mOTU_v2_3867	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Desulfurococcaceae	Aeropyrum	Aeropyrum pernix
ref_mOTU_v2_1676	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Acidilobales	Caldisphaeraceae	Caldisphaera	Caldisphaera lagunensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4740	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Acidilobales	Acidilobaceae	Acidilobus	Acidilobus saccharovorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2434	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Desulfurococcaceae	Thermogladius	Thermogladius cellulolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_0636	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Desulfurococcaceae	Desulfurococcus	Desulfurococcus sp. [C amylolyticus/fermentans/kamchatkensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4949	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Desulfurococcaceae	Desulfurococcus	Desulfurococcus mucosus
ref_mOTU_v2_4649	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Desulfurococcaceae	Thermosphaera	Thermosphaera aggregans
ref_mOTU_v2_4182	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Desulfurococcaceae	Staphylothermus	Staphylothermus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_4592	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Desulfurococcales	Desulfurococcaceae	Staphylothermus	Staphylothermus hellenicus
ref_mOTU_v2_5271	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Vulcanisaeta	Vulcanisaeta moutnovskia
ref_mOTU_v2_4530	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Vulcanisaeta	Vulcanisaeta distributa
ref_mOTU_v2_4175	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Caldivirga	Caldivirga maquilingensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1351	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Pyrobaculum	Pyrobaculum sp. [C arsenaticum/oguniense]
ref_mOTU_v2_3716	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Pyrobaculum	Pyrobaculum aerophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_1770	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Pyrobaculum	Pyrobaculum ferrireducens
ref_mOTU_v2_4117	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Pyrobaculum	Pyrobaculum islandicum
ref_mOTU_v2_4261	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Pyrobaculum	Pyrobaculum neutrophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_4200	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Pyrobaculum	Pyrobaculum calidifontis
ref_mOTU_v2_5304	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Thermoproteus	Thermoproteus uzoniensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4967	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermoproteaceae	Thermoproteus	Thermoproteus tenax
ref_mOTU_v2_4086	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermofilaceae	Thermofilum	Thermofilum pendens
ref_mOTU_v2_3142	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Thermoprotei	Thermoproteales	Thermofilaceae	Thermofilum	Thermofilum sp. 1910b
ref_mOTU_v2_4095	Archaea	candidatus Korarchaeota	candidatus Korarchaeota class incertae sedis	candidatus Korarchaeota order incertae sedis	candidatus Korarchaeota fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Korarchaeum	candidatus Korarchaeum cryptofilum
ref_mOTU_v2_0231	Archaea	Crenarchaeota	Crenarchaeota class incertae sedis [YNPFFA]	Crenarchaeota order incertae sedis [YNPFFA]	Crenarchaeota fam. incertae sedis [YNPFFA]	Crenarchaeota gen. incertae sedis [YNPFFA]	Crenarchaeota archaeon SCGC AAA471-B05
meta_mOTU_v2_6266	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	candidatus Heimdallarchaeota archaeon LC_2
ref_mOTU_v2_3796	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeota class incertae sedis	Nanoarchaeales	Nanoarchaeaceae	Nanoarchaeum	Nanoarchaeum equitans
meta_mOTU_v2_7775	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	unknown Nitrosopumilaceae	unknown Nitrosopumilaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5667	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	unknown Nitrosopumilaceae	unknown Nitrosopumilaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6264	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	unknown Nitrosopumilaceae	unknown Nitrosopumilaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_5005	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilus	candidatus Nitrosopumilus salaria
ref_mOTU_v2_1259	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota order incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota fam. incertae sedis	Marine Group I	Marine Group I thaumarchaeote SCGC AAA799-N04
ref_mOTU_v2_1260	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota order incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota fam. incertae sedis	Marine Group I	Marine Group I thaumarchaeote SCGC AAA799-B03
ref_mOTU_v2_4242	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilus	Nitrosopumilus maritimus
ref_mOTU_v2_0117	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilus	candidatus Nitrosopumilus koreensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2660	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	Nitrosopumilus	candidatus Nitrosopumilus sp. AR2
ref_mOTU_v2_2983	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota order incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota fam. incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota gen. incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota archaeon SCGC AAA282-K18
ref_mOTU_v2_1548	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum	candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum koreensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5099	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Nitrosopumilales	Nitrosopumilaceae	candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum	candidatus Nitrosoarchaeum limnia
ref_mOTU_v2_4217	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Cenarchaeales	Cenarchaeaceae	Cenarchaeum	Cenarchaeum symbiosum
meta_mOTU_v2_7280	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_5763	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	candidatus Nitrosopelagicus	candidatus Nitrosopelagicus brevis
meta_mOTU_v2_6785	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	candidatus Nitrosopelagicus	candidatus Nitrosopelagicus brevis
meta_mOTU_v2_6643	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_5839	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota
ref_mOTU_v2_2250	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota order incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota fam. incertae sedis	Marine Group I	Marine Group I thaumarchaeote SCGC AB-629-I23
ref_mOTU_v2_5146	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota order incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota fam. incertae sedis	Marine Group I	Thaumarchaeota archaeon SCGC AAA007-O23
meta_mOTU_v2_7580	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota
ref_mOTU_v2_3126	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota order incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota fam. incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota gen. incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota archaeon MY2
ref_mOTU_v2_3276	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota order incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota fam. incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota gen. incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota archaeon N4
ref_mOTU_v2_5166	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrososphaerales	Nitrososphaeraceae	Nitrososphaera	Nitrososphaera viennensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3499	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrososphaerales	Nitrososphaeraceae	Nitrososphaera	candidatus Nitrososphaera evergladensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2741	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Nitrososphaeria	Nitrososphaerales	Nitrososphaeraceae	Nitrososphaera	candidatus Nitrososphaera gargensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7204	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6161	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_5390	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6110	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6618	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_7528	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota archaeon RBG_16_49_8
meta_mOTU_v2_5631	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota
ref_mOTU_v2_3930	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota class incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota order incertae sedis	Thaumarchaeota fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Caldiarchaeum	candidatus Caldiarchaeum subterraneum
meta_mOTU_v2_6668	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6693	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Methanomicrobia	unknown Methanomicrobia	unknown Methanomicrobia	unknown Methanomicrobia	unknown Methanomicrobia
ref_mOTU_v2_2731	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Methanomassiliicoccales	Methanomassiliicoccaceae	candidatus Methanomethylophilus	candidatus Methanomethylophilus alvus
ref_mOTU_v2_1673	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmatales fam. incertae sedis	Thermoplasmatales gen. incertae sedis	Thermoplasmatales archaeon BRNA1
ref_mOTU_v2_2407	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Methanomassiliicoccales	Methanomassiliicoccaceae	Methanomassiliicoccus	Methanomassiliicoccus luminyensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2958	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Methanomassiliicoccales	Methanomassiliicoccaceae	Methanomassiliicoccus	candidatus Methanomassiliicoccus intestinalis
ref_mOTU_v2_4245	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Euryarchaeota class incertae sedis [DHVE2]	Euryarchaeota order incertae sedis [DHVE2]	Euryarchaeota fam. incertae sedis [DHVE2]	Aciduliprofundum	Aciduliprofundum boonei
ref_mOTU_v2_4762	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Euryarchaeota class incertae sedis [DHVE2]	Euryarchaeota order incertae sedis [DHVE2]	Euryarchaeota fam. incertae sedis [DHVE2]	Aciduliprofundum	Aciduliprofundum sp. MAR08-339
ref_mOTU_v2_3874	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmataceae	Thermoplasma	Thermoplasma volcanium
ref_mOTU_v2_3873	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Thermoplasmataceae	Thermoplasma	Thermoplasma acidophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_4026	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Ferroplasmaceae	Ferroplasma	Ferroplasma acidarmanus
ref_mOTU_v2_3846	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	Thermoplasmata	Thermoplasmatales	Picrophilaceae	Picrophilus	Picrophilus torridus
meta_mOTU_v2_6687	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_6483	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_6374	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_6673	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_6317	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_7673	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_6355	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_7688	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_6737	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_6096	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_6712	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_6690	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_5963	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_7766	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_7054	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
ref_mOTU_v2_0200	Archaea	Nanoarchaeota	Nanoarchaeota class incertae sedis	Nanoarchaeota order incertae sedis	Nanoarchaeota fam. incertae sedis	Nanoarchaeota gen. incertae sedis	Nanoarchaeota archaeon SCGC AAA011-L22
meta_mOTU_v2_5950	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5744	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_5599	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_5836	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_6300	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
ref_mOTU_v2_1773	Archaea	candidatus Diapherotrites	candidatus Diapherotrites class incertae sedis	candidatus Diapherotrites order incertae sedis	candidatus Diapherotrites fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Iainarchaeum	candidatus Iainarchaeum andersonii
meta_mOTU_v2_6436	Archaea	Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota	unknown Euryarchaeota
meta_mOTU_v2_7431	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota archaeon RBG_16_49_8
meta_mOTU_v2_7464	Archaea	Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	unknown Thaumarchaeota	Thaumarchaeota archaeon RBG_16_49_8
meta_mOTU_v2_6493	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms	unknown cellular organisms
meta_mOTU_v2_6923	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6940	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5724	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7586	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Bathycoccaceae	unknown Bathycoccaceae	unknown Bathycoccaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6337	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Bathycoccaceae	unknown Bathycoccaceae	unknown Bathycoccaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6550	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Mamiellaceae	Micromonas	Micromonas pusilla
meta_mOTU_v2_7606	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Bathycoccaceae	Ostreococcus	Ostreococcus sp. RCC809
meta_mOTU_v2_7745	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Bathycoccaceae	Ostreococcus	Ostreococcus sp. RCC809
meta_mOTU_v2_5796	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Bathycoccaceae	unknown Bathycoccaceae	unknown Bathycoccaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5500	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Bathycoccaceae	unknown Bathycoccaceae	unknown Bathycoccaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6269	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Mamiellaceae	Micromonas	Micromonas pusilla
meta_mOTU_v2_5861	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Mamiellophyceae	Mamiellales	Mamiellaceae	Micromonas	Micromonas pusilla
meta_mOTU_v2_5462	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Malasseziomycetes	Malasseziales	Malasseziaceae	Malassezia	Malassezia globosa
meta_mOTU_v2_6443	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Malasseziomycetes	Malasseziales	Malasseziaceae	Malassezia	unknown Malassezia
meta_mOTU_v2_6752	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Saccharomycetaceae	unknown Saccharomycetaceae	unknown Saccharomycetaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7754	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6358	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5747	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5521	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6286	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5853	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6064	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5960	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6321	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5758	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6083	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7743	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5597	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7290	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6313	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6100	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5602	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5649	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5829	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6243	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7459	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7205	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7039	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7499	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6635	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7582	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7607	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6713	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5643	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7420	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7004	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7767	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5425	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6470	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6579	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6047	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7756	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7490	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6255	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5654	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7493	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6382	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5595	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5965	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7368	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7282	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6297	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6717	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6904	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5572	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6433	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7699	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6901	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5450	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7095	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7705	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5844	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6076	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6315	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5449	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7424	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7595	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6680	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7572	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7064	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6432	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5471	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7034	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5766	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7618	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7184	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7592	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6479	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6544	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5721	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6121	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6109	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6920	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7691	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5866	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7365	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6990	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7236	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7644	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7284	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6800	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7536	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6426	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5391	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6696	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7139	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5515	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5788	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_5434	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7518	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7793	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6496	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
ref_mOTU_v2_4481	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidia order incertae sedis	Dehalococcoidia fam. incertae sedis	Dehalogenimonas	Dehalogenimonas lykanthroporepellens
ref_mOTU_v2_1121	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	Dehalococcoidaceae	Dehalococcoides	Dehalococcoides mccartyi
ref_mOTU_v2_3816	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	Dehalococcoidaceae	Dehalococcoides	Dehalococcoides mccartyi
ref_mOTU_v2_0748	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	Dehalococcoidaceae	Dehalococcoides	Dehalococcoides mccartyi
meta_mOTU_v2_7569	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7379	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7103	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_7388	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6537	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7636	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5312	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi	unknown Chloroflexi
meta_mOTU_v2_6066	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	unknown Deltaproteobacteria	unknown Deltaproteobacteria	unknown Deltaproteobacteria	unknown Deltaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6954	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
ref_mOTU_v2_1771	Bacteria	candidatus Poribacteria	candidatus Poribacteria class incertae sedis	candidatus Poribacteria order incertae sedis	candidatus Poribacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Poribacteria gen. incertae sedis	Poribacteria bacterium WGA-3G
meta_mOTU_v2_7711	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5384	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7564	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6886	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7498	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4444	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Pirellula	Pirellula staleyi
ref_mOTU_v2_0948	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Rhodopirellula	Rhodopirellula europaea
ref_mOTU_v2_1303	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Rhodopirellula	Rhodopirellula baltica
ref_mOTU_v2_4606	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Rhodopirellula	Rhodopirellula sp. SWK7
ref_mOTU_v2_3944	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Blastopirellula	Blastopirellula marina
meta_mOTU_v2_5775	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6463	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5580	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6388	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5374	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae	unknown Planctomycetaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4046	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Gimesia	Gimesia maris
ref_mOTU_v2_4926	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Rubinisphaera	Rubinisphaera brasiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2146	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Schlesneria	Schlesneria paludicola
ref_mOTU_v2_4407	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Planctopirus	Planctopirus limnophila
ref_mOTU_v2_4550	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Isosphaeraceae	Isosphaera	Isosphaera pallida
ref_mOTU_v2_5096	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Isosphaeraceae	Singulisphaera	Singulisphaera acidiphila
ref_mOTU_v2_2219	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Zavarzinella	Zavarzinella formosa
ref_mOTU_v2_2548	Bacteria	Planctomycetes	Planctomycetia	Planctomycetales	Planctomycetaceae	Gemmata	Gemmata sp. IIL30
meta_mOTU_v2_7503	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6092	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6265	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5334	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_1454	Bacteria	Fibrobacteres	Fibrobacteria	Fibrobacterales	Fibrobacteraceae	Fibrobacter	Fibrobacter succinogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_3027	Bacteria	Fibrobacteres	Chitinivibrionia	Chitinivibrionales	Chitinivibrionaceae	Chitinivibrio	Chitinivibrio alkaliphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_4280	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutus	Opitutus terrae
ref_mOTU_v2_3878	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Diplosphaera	Diplosphaera colitermitum
ref_mOTU_v2_1324	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	Opitutales	Opitutaceae	Opitutaceae gen. incertae sedis	Opitutaceae sp. [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6474	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	unknown Verrucomicrobiae	unknown Verrucomicrobiae	unknown Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiae bacterium DG1235
ref_mOTU_v2_4109	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiales fam. incertae sedis	Verrucomicrobiales gen. incertae sedis	Verrucomicrobiae bacterium DG1235
meta_mOTU_v2_6770	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	Puniceicoccales	Puniceicoccaceae	Coraliomargarita	Coraliomargarita sp. CAG:312
meta_mOTU_v2_7055	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	Puniceicoccales	Puniceicoccaceae	Coraliomargarita	Coraliomargarita sp. CAG:312
meta_mOTU_v2_5659	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	Puniceicoccales	Puniceicoccaceae	Coraliomargarita	Coraliomargarita sp. CAG:312
meta_mOTU_v2_6090	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobia bacterium CAG:312_58_20
meta_mOTU_v2_6061	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_7648	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobia bacterium CAG:312_58_20
meta_mOTU_v2_7661	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6010	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_5913	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_7611	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6798	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6972	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_7692	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6455	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae
meta_mOTU_v2_5544	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
ref_mOTU_v2_4567	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	Puniceicoccales	Puniceicoccaceae	Coraliomargarita	Coraliomargarita akajimensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7797	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae
meta_mOTU_v2_5427	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae
meta_mOTU_v2_6335	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6953	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae
meta_mOTU_v2_5900	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae
meta_mOTU_v2_7787	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae	unknown Opitutae
meta_mOTU_v2_6744	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5825	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6965	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales
meta_mOTU_v2_5895	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6729	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6033	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6447	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_5564	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_7071	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_7248	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5921	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6971	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_5526	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales
meta_mOTU_v2_7113	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales
meta_mOTU_v2_6781	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales	unknown Verrucomicrobiales
ref_mOTU_v2_2130	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Rubritaleaceae	Rubritalea	Rubritalea marina
ref_mOTU_v2_3241	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Haloferula	Haloferula sp. BvORR071
meta_mOTU_v2_6276	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Akkermansiaceae	Akkermansia	unknown Akkermansia
ref_mOTU_v2_1301	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Akkermansiaceae	Akkermansia	Akkermansia muciniphila
meta_mOTU_v2_7059	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Akkermansiaceae	Akkermansia	unknown Akkermansia
meta_mOTU_v2_5438	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Akkermansiaceae	Akkermansia	unknown Akkermansia
ref_mOTU_v2_3813	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Verrucomicrobium	Verrucomicrobium spinosum
ref_mOTU_v2_3242	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Verrucomicrobium	Verrucomicrobium sp. BvORR034
ref_mOTU_v2_3270	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Verrucomicrobium	Verrucomicrobium sp. BvORR106
ref_mOTU_v2_4359	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Spartobacteria	Chthoniobacterales	Chthoniobacteraceae	Chthoniobacter	Chthoniobacter flavus
meta_mOTU_v2_7514	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_7176	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6279	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6173	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_6041	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_5636	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_5769	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
meta_mOTU_v2_7114	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
ref_mOTU_v2_3996	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobia subdivision 3	Pedosphaera	Pedosphaera parvula
ref_mOTU_v2_1572	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobia class incertae sedis	Verrucomicrobia order incertae sedis	Verrucomicrobia fam. incertae sedis	Verrucomicrobia gen. incertae sedis	Verrucomicrobia bacterium SCGC AAA164-E04
meta_mOTU_v2_7136	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6056	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia	unknown Verrucomicrobia
ref_mOTU_v2_4331	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobia class incertae sedis	Verrucomicrobia order incertae sedis	Verrucomicrobia fam. incertae sedis	Verrucomicrobia gen. incertae sedis	Verrucomicrobia bacterium LP2A
ref_mOTU_v2_2272	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobiae	Verrucomicrobiales	Verrucomicrobiaceae	Verrucomicrobium	Verrucomicrobium sp. 3C
ref_mOTU_v2_4339	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobia class incertae sedis	Methylacidiphilales	Methylacidiphilaceae	Methylacidiphilum	Methylacidiphilum infernorum
ref_mOTU_v2_2334	Bacteria	Verrucomicrobia	Verrucomicrobia class incertae sedis	Methylacidiphilales	Methylacidiphilaceae	Methylacidiphilum	Methylacidiphilum fumariolicum
meta_mOTU_v2_6651	Bacteria	Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae
meta_mOTU_v2_6979	Bacteria	Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae
meta_mOTU_v2_7780	Bacteria	Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	Lentisphaerae bacterium ADurb.Bin242
meta_mOTU_v2_6522	Bacteria	Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	Lentisphaerae bacterium ADurb.Bin242
meta_mOTU_v2_7225	Bacteria	Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae	unknown Lentisphaerae
ref_mOTU_v2_1210	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia muridarum
ref_mOTU_v2_3274	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia suis
ref_mOTU_v2_0091	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia trachomatis
ref_mOTU_v2_0653	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia pneumoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_0891	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia pecorum
ref_mOTU_v2_0216	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia psittaci
ref_mOTU_v2_0057	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia abortus
ref_mOTU_v2_3794	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia caviae
ref_mOTU_v2_3849	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia felis
ref_mOTU_v2_2291	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia gallinacea
ref_mOTU_v2_0879	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia sp. [C avium/psittaci]
ref_mOTU_v2_0195	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia psittaci
ref_mOTU_v2_3407	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Criblamydiaceae	Criblamydia	Criblamydia sequanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1277	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Parachlamydiaceae	Parachlamydia	Parachlamydia acanthamoebae
ref_mOTU_v2_3429	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	Chlamydia	Chlamydia sp. 'Diamant'
ref_mOTU_v2_3848	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Parachlamydiaceae	candidatus Protochlamydia	candidatus Protochlamydia amoebophila
ref_mOTU_v2_3430	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Chlamydiaceae	candidatus Rubidus	candidatus Rubidus massiliensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4864	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Waddliaceae	Waddlia	Waddlia chondrophila
ref_mOTU_v2_4022	Bacteria	Chlamydiae	Chlamydiia	Chlamydiales	Simkaniaceae	Simkania	Simkania negevensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3942	Bacteria	Lentisphaerae	Lentisphaeria	Lentisphaerales	Lentisphaeraceae	Lentisphaera	Lentisphaera araneosa
ref_mOTU_v2_0202	Bacteria	candidatus Hydrogenedentes	candidatus Hydrogenedentes class incertae sedis	candidatus Hydrogenedentes order incertae sedis	candidatus Hydrogenedentes fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Hydrogenedentes gen. incertae sedis	Hydrogenedentes bacterium JGI 0000077-O16
meta_mOTU_v2_6962	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_5818	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_6980	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_6046	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5930	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_5893	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_5507	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6803	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_6424	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_5588	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_6505	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_7463	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_5881	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_6941	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7164	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_6215	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_6933	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_7043	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_5426	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria oral taxon TM7x
meta_mOTU_v2_6855	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6674	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6736	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5596	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5402	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7107	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6857	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6004	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5675	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6159	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7700	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3063	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria class incertae sedis	candidatus Saccharibacteria order incertae sedis	candidatus Saccharibacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Saccharimonas	candidatus Saccharimonas aalborgensis
meta_mOTU_v2_5385	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7549	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3235	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria class incertae sedis	candidatus Saccharibacteria order incertae sedis	candidatus Saccharibacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Saccharibacteria gen. incertae sedis	candidatus Saccharibacteria bacterium RAAC3_TM7_1
meta_mOTU_v2_5509	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6278	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5536	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6812	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5534	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6254	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5974	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria bacterium 49-20
meta_mOTU_v2_5962	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6553	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6970	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6653	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5576	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5722	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5876	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_7166	Bacteria	candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria	unknown candidatus Saccharibacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7653	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5784	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5767	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6549	Bacteria	candidatus Campbellbacteria	unknown candidatus Campbellbacteria	unknown candidatus Campbellbacteria	unknown candidatus Campbellbacteria	unknown candidatus Campbellbacteria	candidatus Campbellbacteria bacterium RIFCSPLOWO2_
ref_mOTU_v2_3236	Bacteria	candidatus Parcubacteria	candidatus Parcubacteria class incertae sedis	candidatus Parcubacteria order incertae sedis	candidatus Parcubacteria fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Parcubacteria gen. incertae sedis	Parcubacteria bacterium RAAC4_OD1_1
ref_mOTU_v2_4831	Bacteria	candidatus Microgenomates	candidatus Microgenomates class incertae sedis	candidatus Microgenomates order incertae sedis	candidatus Microgenomates fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Microgenomates gen. incertae sedis	Microgenomates bacterium SCGC AAA011-L6
ref_mOTU_v2_3234	Bacteria	candidate division WWE3	candidate division WWE3 class incertae sedis	candidate division WWE3 order incertae sedis	candidate division WWE3 fam. incertae sedis	candidate division WWE3 gen. incertae sedis	candidate division WWE3 bacterium RAAC2_WWE3_1
meta_mOTU_v2_6139	Bacteria	candidatus Gracilibacteria	unknown candidatus Gracilibacteria	unknown candidatus Gracilibacteria	unknown candidatus Gracilibacteria	unknown candidatus Gracilibacteria	unknown candidatus Gracilibacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3233	Bacteria	candidate division SR1	candidate division SR1 class incertae sedis	candidate division SR1 order incertae sedis	candidate division SR1 fam. incertae sedis	candidate division SR1 gen. incertae sedis	candidate division SR1 bacterium RAAC1_SR1_1
meta_mOTU_v2_5691	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	unknown Treponema
ref_mOTU_v2_2232	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema medium
ref_mOTU_v2_3657	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema sp. OMZ 838
meta_mOTU_v2_7364	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	unknown Treponema
ref_mOTU_v2_0547	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema vincentii
ref_mOTU_v2_2944	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema pedis
ref_mOTU_v2_1308	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema denticola
ref_mOTU_v2_3781	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema putidum
meta_mOTU_v2_5972	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	unknown Treponema
ref_mOTU_v2_1029	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema phagedenis
ref_mOTU_v2_0365	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema sp. [C pallidum/paraluiscuniculi]
ref_mOTU_v2_5127	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema brennaborense
ref_mOTU_v2_0552	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema socranskii
ref_mOTU_v2_2233	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema socranskii
ref_mOTU_v2_5061	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema bryantii
ref_mOTU_v2_3318	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema sp. C6A8
ref_mOTU_v2_2230	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema sp. JC4
ref_mOTU_v2_5128	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema saccharophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_5043	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema succinifaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_2231	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema maltophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_3046	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema lecithinolyticum
ref_mOTU_v2_4896	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema caldarium
ref_mOTU_v2_4457	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema primitia
ref_mOTU_v2_4866	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema primitia
ref_mOTU_v2_4458	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Treponema	Treponema azotonutricium
ref_mOTU_v2_4930	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Sphaerochaeta	Sphaerochaeta coccoides
ref_mOTU_v2_3688	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Sphaerochaeta	Sphaerochaeta globosa
ref_mOTU_v2_3689	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Sphaerochaeta	Sphaerochaeta pleomorpha
ref_mOTU_v2_4542	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta	Spirochaeta smaragdinae
ref_mOTU_v2_2158	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta	Spirochaeta bajacaliforniensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5238	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta	Spirochaeta alkalica
ref_mOTU_v2_5119	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta	Spirochaeta africana
ref_mOTU_v2_3018	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Salinispira	Salinispira pacifica
ref_mOTU_v2_3556	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta	Spirochaeta lutea
ref_mOTU_v2_1474	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta	Spirochaeta thermophila
ref_mOTU_v2_0924	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borreliella	Borreliella afzelii
ref_mOTU_v2_4362	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borreliella	Borreliella spielmanii
ref_mOTU_v2_1061	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borreliella	Borreliella sp. [C burgdorferi/finlandensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4401	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borreliella	Borreliella bissettii
ref_mOTU_v2_0310	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borreliella	Borreliella sp. [C bavariensis/garinii]
ref_mOTU_v2_1134	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borreliella	Borreliella valaisiana
ref_mOTU_v2_1009	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borrelia	Borrelia miyamotoi
ref_mOTU_v2_3025	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borrelia	Borrelia anserina
ref_mOTU_v2_1037	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borrelia	Borrelia sp. [C parkeri/turicatae]
ref_mOTU_v2_1036	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borrelia	Borrelia coriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1012	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borrelia	Borrelia hermsii
ref_mOTU_v2_0646	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borrelia	Borrelia sp. [C crocidurae/duttonii/hispanica/recurrentis]
ref_mOTU_v2_3370	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Borreliaceae	Borrelia	Borrelia persica
ref_mOTU_v2_2159	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Spirochaetales	Spirochaetaceae	Spirochaeta	Spirochaeta cellobiosiphila
meta_mOTU_v2_5479	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Oligoflexia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio	unknown Bdellovibrio
meta_mOTU_v2_5307	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Oligoflexia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio	unknown Bdellovibrio
ref_mOTU_v2_2435	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio	Bdellovibrio exovorus
ref_mOTU_v2_1314	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio	Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus
ref_mOTU_v2_1686	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio	Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus
ref_mOTU_v2_4951	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio	Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus
meta_mOTU_v2_5984	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Oligoflexia	Bdellovibrionales	Bdellovibrionaceae	Bdellovibrio	unknown Bdellovibrio
meta_mOTU_v2_6510	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Oligoflexia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovorax	unknown Bacteriovorax
meta_mOTU_v2_5799	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Oligoflexia	Bacteriovoracales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovorax	unknown Bacteriovorax
ref_mOTU_v2_5018	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Bdellovibrionales	Halobacteriovoraceae	Halobacteriovorax	Halobacteriovorax marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_3129	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Bdellovibrionales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovorax	Bacteriovorax sp. BSW11_IV
ref_mOTU_v2_2494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Bdellovibrionales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovorax	Bacteriovorax sp. BAL6_X
ref_mOTU_v2_2493	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Bdellovibrionales	Bacteriovoracaceae	Bacteriovorax	Bacteriovorax sp. Seq25_V
meta_mOTU_v2_6882	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6441	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5457	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5503	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7125	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5628	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7069	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7494	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6207	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5792	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7637	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_4152	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Nannocystaceae	Plesiocystis	Plesiocystis pacifica
ref_mOTU_v2_4372	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Deltaproteobacteria	Myxococcales	Kofleriaceae	Haliangium	Haliangium ochraceum
ref_mOTU_v2_0837	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira alstonii
ref_mOTU_v2_2586	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira weilii
ref_mOTU_v2_1666	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira kmetyi
ref_mOTU_v2_0211	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira borgpetersenii
ref_mOTU_v2_0016	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira weilii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1663	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira alexanderi
ref_mOTU_v2_0745	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira mayottensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0017	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira santarosai [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0212	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira sp. [C kirschneri/santarosai]
ref_mOTU_v2_0018	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira sp. [C interrogans/noguchii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0015	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira interrogans
ref_mOTU_v2_2756	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira sp. B5-022
ref_mOTU_v2_0213	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira licerasiae
ref_mOTU_v2_2462	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira wolffii
ref_mOTU_v2_1664	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira broomii
ref_mOTU_v2_1665	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira inadai
ref_mOTU_v2_2461	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira fainei
ref_mOTU_v2_1354	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira biflexa
ref_mOTU_v2_2784	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira yanagawae
ref_mOTU_v2_2796	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira terpstrae
ref_mOTU_v2_2585	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira vanthielii
ref_mOTU_v2_2587	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira wolbachii
ref_mOTU_v2_0746	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptospira	Leptospira meyeri
meta_mOTU_v2_6245	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	unknown Spirochaetia	Leptospiraceae	Leptonema	unknown Leptonema
meta_mOTU_v2_6464	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	unknown Spirochaetia	Leptospiraceae	Leptonema	Leptonema illini
ref_mOTU_v2_5176	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Leptonema	Leptonema illini
ref_mOTU_v2_5045	Bacteria	Spirochaetes	Spirochaetia	Leptospirales	Leptospiraceae	Turneriella	Turneriella parva
meta_mOTU_v2_7487	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5552	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7193	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6945	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6398	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5360	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6148	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7669	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5358	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5810	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7741	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6310	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6250	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7062	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5865	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5685	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6810	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7679	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6784	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7694	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7346	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6448	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7744	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5638	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6060	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6958	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7384	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7739	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6318	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7108	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5755	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6644	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7444	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5787	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7219	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5377	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5589	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5906	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	Pelagibacterales	Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae	unknown Pelagibacteraceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6593	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6683	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6500	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5478	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5460	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6023	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7185	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6158	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5739	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_7168	Bacteria	Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes	unknown Firmicutes
meta_mOTU_v2_6517	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_0089	Bacteria	candidatus Marinimicrobia	candidatus Marinimicrobia class incertae sedis	candidatus Marinimicrobia order incertae sedis	candidatus Marinimicrobia fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Marinimicrobia gen. incertae sedis	Marinimicrobia bacterium SCGC AAA160-I06
meta_mOTU_v2_7482	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7497	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6163	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7680	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6341	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_5231	Bacteria	candidatus Marinimicrobia	candidatus Marinimicrobia class incertae sedis	candidatus Marinimicrobia order incertae sedis	candidatus Marinimicrobia fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Marinimicrobia gen. incertae sedis	Marinimicrobia bacterium SCGC AAA298-D23
meta_mOTU_v2_6290	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6637	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6287	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7288	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5416	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7488	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5803	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6846	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7465	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6175	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6404	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6890	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7736	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6825	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6393	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6093	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5936	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6985	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6123	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6094	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7257	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6184	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6164	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7452	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7122	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6005	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5404	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6898	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5715	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7470	Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea	unknown Archaea
meta_mOTU_v2_6925	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6884	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7458	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
ref_mOTU_v2_0205	Bacteria	candidatus Marinimicrobia	candidatus Marinimicrobia class incertae sedis	candidatus Marinimicrobia order incertae sedis	candidatus Marinimicrobia fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Marinimicrobia gen. incertae sedis	Marinimicrobia bacterium JGI 0000039-D08
ref_mOTU_v2_3989	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Pelodictyon	Pelodictyon luteolum
ref_mOTU_v2_3898	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Chlorobium	Chlorobium phaeovibrioides
ref_mOTU_v2_4040	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Chlorobium	Chlorobium chlorochromatii
ref_mOTU_v2_4102	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Chlorobium	Chlorobium ferrooxidans
ref_mOTU_v2_4008	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Pelodictyon	Pelodictyon phaeoclathratiforme
ref_mOTU_v2_3897	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Chlorobium	Chlorobium phaeobacteroides
ref_mOTU_v2_3896	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Chlorobium	Chlorobium limicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3740	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Chlorobaculum	Chlorobaculum tepidum
ref_mOTU_v2_4391	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Chlorobaculum	Chlorobaculum parvum
ref_mOTU_v2_4023	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Chlorobium	Chlorobium phaeobacteroides
ref_mOTU_v2_3901	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Prosthecochloris	Prosthecochloris aestuarii
ref_mOTU_v2_3625	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Chlorobium	Chlorobium sp. GBChlB
ref_mOTU_v2_4392	Bacteria	Chlorobi	Chlorobia	Chlorobiales	Chlorobiaceae	Chloroherpeton	Chloroherpeton thalassium
ref_mOTU_v2_2457	Bacteria	Ignavibacteriae	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	Melioribacteraceae	Melioribacter	Melioribacter roseus
ref_mOTU_v2_5249	Bacteria	Ignavibacteriae	Ignavibacteria	Ignavibacteriales	Ignavibacteriaceae	Ignavibacterium	Ignavibacterium album
ref_mOTU_v2_5072	Bacteria	Deferribacteres	Deferribacteres	Deferribacterales	Deferribacteraceae	Caldithrix	Caldithrix abyssi
ref_mOTU_v2_1337	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidetes class incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes Order II. Incertae sedis	Rhodothermaceae	Salinibacter	Salinibacter ruber
ref_mOTU_v2_1734	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidetes class incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes Order II. Incertae sedis	Rhodothermaceae	Salisaeta	Salisaeta longa
ref_mOTU_v2_1417	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidetes class incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes Order II. Incertae sedis	Rhodothermaceae	Rhodothermus	Rhodothermus marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_1886	Bacteria	Rhodothermaeota	Balneolia	Balneolales	Balneolaceae	Balneola	Balneola vulgaris
meta_mOTU_v2_5474	Bacteria	Balneolaeota	Balneolia	Balneolales	Balneolaceae	unknown Balneolaceae	unknown Balneolaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1992	Bacteria	Rhodothermaeota	Balneolia	Balneolales	Balneolaceae	Gracilimonas	Gracilimonas tropica
meta_mOTU_v2_6216	Bacteria	Balneolaeota	Balneolia	Balneolales	Balneolaceae	unknown Balneolaceae	unknown Balneolaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7077	Bacteria	Balneolaeota	Balneolia	Balneolales	Balneolaceae	unknown Balneolaceae	unknown Balneolaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7268	Bacteria	Balneolaeota	Balneolia	Balneolales	Balneolaceae	unknown Balneolaceae	unknown Balneolaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7242	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7269	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6675	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5611	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7599	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6671	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5657	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7221	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7604	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5432	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7523	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5633	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5650	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7300	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5693	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
ref_mOTU_v2_4934	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Haliscomenobacter	Haliscomenobacter hydrossis
ref_mOTU_v2_2035	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella	Lewinella persica
ref_mOTU_v2_2034	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Lewinella	Lewinella cohaerens
ref_mOTU_v2_3633	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Phaeodactylibacter	Phaeodactylibacter xiamenensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1484	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Saprospira	Saprospira grandis
ref_mOTU_v2_3028	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Saprospiraceae	Aureispira	Aureispira sp. CCB-QB1
meta_mOTU_v2_7535	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5575	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
ref_mOTU_v2_1963	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Echinicola	Echinicola pacifica
ref_mOTU_v2_5158	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Echinicola	Echinicola vietnamensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1662	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Anditalea	Anditalea andensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2751	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Mariniradius	Mariniradius saccharolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_2453	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Indibacter	Indibacter alkaliphilus
ref_mOTU_v2_5031	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Belliella	Belliella baltica
ref_mOTU_v2_0525	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Rhodonellum	Rhodonellum psychrophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_3010	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus	Algoriphagus marincola
ref_mOTU_v2_1854	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus	Algoriphagus marincola
ref_mOTU_v2_1856	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus	Algoriphagus vanfongensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1855	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus	Algoriphagus terrigena
ref_mOTU_v2_1853	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus	Algoriphagus mannitolivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4129	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Algoriphagus	Algoriphagus machipongonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2940	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Lunatimonas	Lunatimonas lonarensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5069	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacterium	Cyclobacterium marinum
ref_mOTU_v2_4674	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Cyclobacterium	Cyclobacterium qasimii
ref_mOTU_v2_2456	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cyclobacteriaceae	Nitritalea	Nitritalea halalkaliphila
ref_mOTU_v2_2229	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Nafulsella	Nafulsella turpanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2872	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Cesiribacter	Cesiribacter andamanensis
meta_mOTU_v2_6868	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	unknown Flammeovirgaceae	unknown Flammeovirgaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2742	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Fulvivirga	Fulvivirga imtechensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4681	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Marivirga	Marivirga tractuosa
meta_mOTU_v2_5683	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	unknown Cytophagales	unknown Cytophagales	unknown Cytophagales
ref_mOTU_v2_3939	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Microscilla	Microscilla marina
ref_mOTU_v2_1978	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Flexibacter	Flexibacter roseolus
ref_mOTU_v2_5070	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Flexibacter	Flexibacter litoralis
ref_mOTU_v2_1979	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Flammeovirgaceae	Flexithrix	Flexithrix dorotheae
ref_mOTU_v2_1962	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Dyadobacter	Dyadobacter alkalitolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_4318	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Dyadobacter	Dyadobacter fermentans
ref_mOTU_v2_3404	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Dyadobacter	Dyadobacter tibetensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4702	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Leadbetterella	Leadbetterella byssophila
ref_mOTU_v2_5175	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Emticicia	Emticicia oligotrophica
ref_mOTU_v2_4937	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Runella	Runella slithyformis
ref_mOTU_v2_2134	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Runella	Runella limosa
ref_mOTU_v2_2441	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Fibrisoma	Fibrisoma limi
ref_mOTU_v2_2160	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Spirosoma	Spirosoma luteum
ref_mOTU_v2_2162	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Spirosoma	Spirosoma spitsbergense
ref_mOTU_v2_4374	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Spirosoma	Spirosoma linguale
ref_mOTU_v2_2161	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Spirosoma	Spirosoma panaciterrae
ref_mOTU_v2_1731	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Rudanella	Rudanella lutea
ref_mOTU_v2_2374	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Fibrella	Fibrella aestuarina
ref_mOTU_v2_5177	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Flectobacillus	Flectobacillus major
ref_mOTU_v2_3137	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter	Hymenobacter sp. APR13
ref_mOTU_v2_2645	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter	Hymenobacter swuensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2010	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter	Hymenobacter aerophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_2011	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter	Hymenobacter norwichensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3609	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Hymenobacter	Hymenobacter sp. IS2118
ref_mOTU_v2_2292	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Pontibacter	Pontibacter sp. BAB1700
ref_mOTU_v2_5154	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Hymenobacteraceae	Adhaeribacter	Adhaeribacter aquaticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3649	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Sporocytophaga	Sporocytophaga myxococcoides
ref_mOTU_v2_3863	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Cytophaga	Cytophaga hutchinsonii
ref_mOTU_v2_1927	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Cytophagaceae	Cytophaga	Cytophaga aurantiaca
ref_mOTU_v2_3135	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	candidatus Cardinium	Cardinium endosymbiont of Bemisia tabaci
ref_mOTU_v2_2680	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	candidatus Cardinium	Cardinium endosymbiont of Encarsia pergandiella
ref_mOTU_v2_4279	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Amoebophilaceae	candidatus Amoebophilus	candidatus Amoebophilus asiaticus
ref_mOTU_v2_3026	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Cytophagia	Cytophagales	Thermonemataceae	Thermonema	Thermonema rossianum
ref_mOTU_v2_4348	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Chitinophaga	Chitinophaga pinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2148	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Segetibacter	Segetibacter koreensis
ref_mOTU_v2_4834	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Niastella	Niastella koreensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2074	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Niabella	Niabella aurantiaca
ref_mOTU_v2_5179	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Niabella	Niabella soli
ref_mOTU_v2_0296	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium	Sediminibacterium sp. [C OR43/OR53]
ref_mOTU_v2_2832	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium	Sediminibacterium sp. C3
ref_mOTU_v2_3258	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Chitinophagia	Chitinophagales	Chitinophagaceae	Sediminibacterium	Sediminibacterium salmoneum
ref_mOTU_v2_2846	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	Pedobacter sp. R20-19
ref_mOTU_v2_3485	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	Pedobacter borealis
ref_mOTU_v2_3316	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	Pedobacter jeongneungensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1411	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	Pedobacter heparinus
ref_mOTU_v2_4380	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	Pedobacter sp. V48
ref_mOTU_v2_4141	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	Pedobacter sp. BAL39
ref_mOTU_v2_3141	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	Pedobacter antarcticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4893	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	Sphingobacterium sp. 21
ref_mOTU_v2_2081	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Olivibacter	Olivibacter sitiensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3105	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	Sphingobacterium paucimobilis
ref_mOTU_v2_2649	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	Sphingobacterium sp. ACCC 05744
ref_mOTU_v2_3678	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Sphingobacteriaceae bacterium DW12
ref_mOTU_v2_1426	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	Sphingobacterium spiritivorum
ref_mOTU_v2_3656	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Sphingobacterium	Sphingobacterium sp. ML3W
ref_mOTU_v2_4303	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	Pedobacter oryzae
ref_mOTU_v2_2318	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Arcticibacter	Arcticibacter svalbardensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2517	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pedobacter	Pedobacter arcticus
ref_mOTU_v2_4940	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Pseudopedobacter	Pseudopedobacter saltans
ref_mOTU_v2_4860	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Mucilaginibacter	Mucilaginibacter paludis
ref_mOTU_v2_5174	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Sphingobacteriia	Sphingobacteriales	Sphingobacteriaceae	Solitalea	Solitalea canadensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7706	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6830	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7131	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_5854	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4349	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriia order incertae sedis	Flavobacteriia fam. incertae sedis	Flavobacteriia gen. incertae sedis	Flavobacteria bacterium MS024-2A
meta_mOTU_v2_6783	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_5328	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7309	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_5355	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6378	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7244	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5456	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7283	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5516	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6298	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5523	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5387	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6021	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5821	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6271	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7622	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7285	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7734	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6219	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6529	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5870	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6695	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7624	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7126	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7764	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6519	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5604	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6873	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6851	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6573	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7109	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6988	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6026	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6899	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7683	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6145	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6707	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5684	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7738	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5446	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7402	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6068	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6440	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6345	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6805	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria	unknown Alphaproteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_6994	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7628	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7489	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_6646	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5317	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6116	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7142	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7501	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6138	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7002	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5762	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7366	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_5988	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7234	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7383	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5704	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5433	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5752	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5919	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5441	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7632	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6560	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6069	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5832	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6095	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6677	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6811	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6360	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6418	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7047	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7144	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5490	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7042	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7098	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5327	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7358	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5429	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5999	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7347	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6755	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1702	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Blattabacteriaceae	Blattabacterium	Blattabacterium punctulatus
ref_mOTU_v2_1700	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Blattabacteriaceae	Blattabacterium	Blattabacterium sp. (Mastotermes darwiniensis)
ref_mOTU_v2_0274	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Blattabacteriaceae	Blattabacterium	Blattabacterium sp. [C Blatta orientalis/Periplaneta americana]
ref_mOTU_v2_2654	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Blattabacteriaceae	Blattabacterium	Blattabacterium sp. (Panesthia angustipennis spadica)
ref_mOTU_v2_3029	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Blattabacteriaceae	Blattabacterium	Blattabacterium sp. (Nauphoeta cinerea)
ref_mOTU_v2_2442	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Blattabacteriaceae	Blattabacterium	Blattabacterium sp. (Blaberus giganteus)
ref_mOTU_v2_4021	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Blattabacteriaceae	Blattabacterium	Blattabacterium sp. (Blattella germanica)
ref_mOTU_v2_2270	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Uzinura	candidatus Uzinura diaspidicola
ref_mOTU_v2_3358	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriia order incertae sedis	Flavobacteriia fam. incertae sedis	Flavobacteriia gen. incertae sedis	endosymbiont of Llaveia axin axin
meta_mOTU_v2_6826	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7785	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6655	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6534	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6551	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7428	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6617	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7252	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7675	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6888	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6333	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1968	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Eudoraea	Eudoraea adriatica
ref_mOTU_v2_3936	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Robiginitalea	Robiginitalea biformata
ref_mOTU_v2_4350	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriia order incertae sedis	Flavobacteriia fam. incertae sedis	Flavobacteriia gen. incertae sedis	Flavobacteria bacterium MS024-3C
meta_mOTU_v2_5444	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_5097	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Muricauda	Muricauda ruestringensis
meta_mOTU_v2_5714	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2791	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Muricauda	Muricauda sp. MAR_2010_75
ref_mOTU_v2_1554	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mesoflavibacter	Mesoflavibacter zeaxanthinifaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_4630	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arenibacter	Arenibacter algicola
ref_mOTU_v2_1871	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arenibacter	Arenibacter latericius
ref_mOTU_v2_1870	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arenibacter	Arenibacter certesii
ref_mOTU_v2_4801	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Cellulophaga	Cellulophaga algicola
ref_mOTU_v2_1089	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Cellulophaga	Cellulophaga baltica [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1062	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Cellulophaga	Cellulophaga sp. [C geojensis/lytica]
ref_mOTU_v2_3402	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Zobellia	Zobellia uliginosa
meta_mOTU_v2_6206	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2788	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter	Maribacter sp. Hel_I_7
ref_mOTU_v2_3226	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter	Maribacter forsetii
meta_mOTU_v2_7763	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3938	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Maribacter	Maribacter sp. HTCC2170
ref_mOTU_v2_2928	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Zhouia	Zhouia amylolytica
ref_mOTU_v2_4494	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Galbibacter	Galbibacter marinus
ref_mOTU_v2_5159	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Joostella	Joostella marina
ref_mOTU_v2_3777	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Croceibacter	Croceibacter atlanticus
ref_mOTU_v2_5273	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gillisia	Gillisia sp. CAL575
ref_mOTU_v2_2914	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gillisia	Gillisia sp. JM1
ref_mOTU_v2_2378	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gillisia	Gillisia marina
ref_mOTU_v2_5029	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gillisia	Gillisia limnaea
ref_mOTU_v2_2787	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gillisia	Gillisia sp. Hel_I_29
ref_mOTU_v2_2792	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Salegentibacter	Salegentibacter sp. Hel_I_6
ref_mOTU_v2_1994	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gramella	Gramella portivictoriae
ref_mOTU_v2_1993	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gramella	Gramella echinicola
ref_mOTU_v2_4201	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gramella	Gramella forsetii
ref_mOTU_v2_4715	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Zunongwangia	Zunongwangia profunda
ref_mOTU_v2_2141	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Salinimicrobium	Salinimicrobium terrae
ref_mOTU_v2_2454	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroflexus	Psychroflexus gondwanensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3935	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroflexus	Psychroflexus torquis
ref_mOTU_v2_2119	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroflexus	Psychroflexus tropicus
ref_mOTU_v2_2058	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mesonia	Mesonia mobilis
meta_mOTU_v2_6849	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mesonia	unknown Mesonia
ref_mOTU_v2_3422	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina	Aquimarina macrocephali
ref_mOTU_v2_2961	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina	Aquimarina megaterium
ref_mOTU_v2_3032	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina	Aquimarina atlantica
ref_mOTU_v2_1869	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina	Aquimarina muelleri
ref_mOTU_v2_2960	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina	Aquimarina pacifica
ref_mOTU_v2_5263	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina	Aquimarina agarivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_4631	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aquimarina	Aquimarina agarilytica
meta_mOTU_v2_5399	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7500	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4907	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aequorivita	Aequorivita sublithincola
ref_mOTU_v2_1846	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Aequorivita	Aequorivita capsosiphonis
meta_mOTU_v2_7033	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7538	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2605	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Altibacter	Altibacter lentus
meta_mOTU_v2_6284	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5679	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5781	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7194	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7506	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Leeuwenhoekiella	unknown Leeuwenhoekiella
ref_mOTU_v2_4180	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Leeuwenhoekiella	Leeuwenhoekiella blandensis
meta_mOTU_v2_5621	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Leeuwenhoekiella	unknown Leeuwenhoekiella
ref_mOTU_v2_3221	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Leeuwenhoekiella	Leeuwenhoekiella sp. Hel_I_48
ref_mOTU_v2_3222	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Leeuwenhoekiella	Leeuwenhoekiella sp. MAR_2009_132
ref_mOTU_v2_1021	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia	Dokdonia donghaensis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_5269	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia	Dokdonia sp. 4H-3-7-5
ref_mOTU_v2_2750	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Dokdonia	Dokdonia sp. PRO95
ref_mOTU_v2_1981	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Gelidibacter	Gelidibacter mesophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_3223	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Sediminibacter	Sediminibacter sp. Hel_I_10
ref_mOTU_v2_3559	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens	Psychroserpens jangbogonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2121	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Psychroserpens	Psychroserpens burtonensis
meta_mOTU_v2_6661	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4675	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Winogradskyella	Winogradskyella psychrotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_4145	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales fam. incertae sedis	Flavobacteriales gen. incertae sedis	Flavobacteriales bacterium ALC-1
ref_mOTU_v2_1656	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Bizionia	Bizionia argentinensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3180	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flaviramulus	Flaviramulus ichthyoenteri
ref_mOTU_v2_1298	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Algibacter	Algibacter lectus
ref_mOTU_v2_2419	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Arenitalea	Arenitalea lutea
ref_mOTU_v2_1414	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Jejuia	Jejuia pallidilutea
ref_mOTU_v2_3110	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa	Formosa agariphila
ref_mOTU_v2_4904	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Olleya	Olleya sp. VCSM12
ref_mOTU_v2_3127	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Olleya	Olleya marilimosa
meta_mOTU_v2_5622	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3535	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix	Lacinutrix jangbogonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5268	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Lacinutrix	Lacinutrix sp. 5H-3-7-4
ref_mOTU_v2_2057	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mesoflavibacter	Mesoflavibacter zeaxanthinifaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_2283	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Xanthomarina	Xanthomarina gelatinilytica
ref_mOTU_v2_2481	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Mangrovimonas	Mangrovimonas yunxiaonensis
meta_mOTU_v2_5938	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7457	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Formosa	Formosa sp. Hel1_33_131
meta_mOTU_v2_7256	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7299	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6762	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5381	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4136	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Kordia	Kordia algicida
meta_mOTU_v2_5485	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1571	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sp. SCGC AAA160-P02
meta_mOTU_v2_7540	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2789	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter	Polaribacter sp. Hel1_85
ref_mOTU_v2_3934	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter	Polaribacter irgensii
meta_mOTU_v2_6295	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter	unknown Polaribacter
meta_mOTU_v2_6896	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3083	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter	Polaribacter sp. Hel1_33_49
ref_mOTU_v2_3937	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter	Polaribacter sp. MED152
ref_mOTU_v2_2790	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Polaribacter	Polaribacter sp. Hel_I_88
meta_mOTU_v2_6391	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia
meta_mOTU_v2_6413	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3123	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum	Tenacibaculum maritimum
ref_mOTU_v2_3171	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Tenacibaculum	Tenacibaculum sp. 47A_GOM-205m
ref_mOTU_v2_1646	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Flavobacteriaceae bacterium S85
ref_mOTU_v2_1976	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sasangense
ref_mOTU_v2_4143	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriales fam. incertae sedis	Flavobacteriales gen. incertae sedis	Flavobacteria bacterium BAL38
ref_mOTU_v2_1740	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium indicum
ref_mOTU_v2_1641	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium columnare
ref_mOTU_v2_0382	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium enshiense
ref_mOTU_v2_0493	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium suncheonense
ref_mOTU_v2_3091	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium limnosediminis
ref_mOTU_v2_3089	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium saliperosum
ref_mOTU_v2_1077	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium cauense
ref_mOTU_v2_1973	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium filum
ref_mOTU_v2_3474	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium aquatile
ref_mOTU_v2_2845	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sp. KJJ
ref_mOTU_v2_4076	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium reichenbachii
ref_mOTU_v2_2652	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sp. WG21
ref_mOTU_v2_3478	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium chungangense
ref_mOTU_v2_3611	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sp. Fl
ref_mOTU_v2_2496	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sp. F52
ref_mOTU_v2_4099	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium johnsoniae
ref_mOTU_v2_2299	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sp. CF136
ref_mOTU_v2_5283	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium hydatis
ref_mOTU_v2_3468	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium succinicans
ref_mOTU_v2_1972	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium daejeonense
ref_mOTU_v2_3570	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium seoulense
ref_mOTU_v2_2260	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sp. 83
ref_mOTU_v2_2455	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sp. ACAM 123
ref_mOTU_v2_1721	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium frigoris
ref_mOTU_v2_1974	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium frigidarium
ref_mOTU_v2_3569	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium sp. EM1308
ref_mOTU_v2_1200	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium psychrophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_5222	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidetes class incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes order incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes fam. incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes gen. incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes bacterium SCGC AAA027-N21
ref_mOTU_v2_1609	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium branchiophilum
ref_mOTU_v2_1977	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium soli
ref_mOTU_v2_1792	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium antarcticum
ref_mOTU_v2_0492	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium subsaxonicum
ref_mOTU_v2_0491	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium rivuli
ref_mOTU_v2_3275	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacterium	Flavobacterium beibuense
ref_mOTU_v2_1165	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Myroides	Myroides odoratimimus
ref_mOTU_v2_1569	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Myroides	Myroides injenensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1521	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Myroides	Myroides odoratus
ref_mOTU_v2_2619	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 863
meta_mOTU_v2_5582	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	unknown Capnocytophaga
ref_mOTU_v2_1469	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga granulosa [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4484	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga gingivalis
ref_mOTU_v2_5108	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 338
meta_mOTU_v2_5639	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	unknown Capnocytophaga
meta_mOTU_v2_5816	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2243	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 332
ref_mOTU_v2_4841	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 329
meta_mOTU_v2_5566	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	unknown Capnocytophaga
ref_mOTU_v2_4483	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga sputigena
ref_mOTU_v2_1614	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga sp. oral taxon 326
ref_mOTU_v2_0549	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga ochracea [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_5009	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga canimorsus
ref_mOTU_v2_5156	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Capnocytophaga	Capnocytophaga cynodegmi
ref_mOTU_v2_5250	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Imtechella	Imtechella halotolerans
ref_mOTU_v2_1526	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens	Nonlabens ulvanivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_1527	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens	Nonlabens ulvanivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_3682	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriia order incertae sedis	Flavobacteriia fam. incertae sedis	Flavobacteriia gen. incertae sedis	Flavobacteria bacterium BBFL7
ref_mOTU_v2_4599	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens	Nonlabens dokdonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_3990	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Nonlabens	Nonlabens sediminis
ref_mOTU_v2_1966	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Epilithonimonas	Epilithonimonas tenax
ref_mOTU_v2_2694	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Epilithonimonas	Epilithonimonas sp. FH1
ref_mOTU_v2_4227	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Epilithonimonas	Epilithonimonas lactis
ref_mOTU_v2_1901	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium caeni
ref_mOTU_v2_2693	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium sp. JM1
ref_mOTU_v2_3925	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium vrystaatense
ref_mOTU_v2_4228	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium luteum
ref_mOTU_v2_2985	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium oranimense
ref_mOTU_v2_4420	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium gleum
ref_mOTU_v2_2581	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium indologenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4502	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium piperi
ref_mOTU_v2_4265	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium soli
ref_mOTU_v2_0607	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium sp. CF284
ref_mOTU_v2_1903	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium gregarium
ref_mOTU_v2_4354	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium hispalense
ref_mOTU_v2_1902	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium daeguense
ref_mOTU_v2_3808	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium formosense
ref_mOTU_v2_4445	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Flavobacteriaceae gen. incertae sedis	Flavobacteriaceae bacterium 3519-10
ref_mOTU_v2_3854	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium antarcticum
ref_mOTU_v2_1904	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Chryseobacterium	Chryseobacterium palustre
ref_mOTU_v2_3710	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Elizabethkingia	Elizabethkingia miricola
ref_mOTU_v2_0425	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Elizabethkingia	Elizabethkingia sp. [C anophelis/meningoseptica]
ref_mOTU_v2_0808	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Elizabethkingia	Elizabethkingia meningoseptica
ref_mOTU_v2_0765	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Riemerella	Riemerella anatipestifer
ref_mOTU_v2_2125	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Riemerella	Riemerella columbina
meta_mOTU_v2_6588	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5428	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1519	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Bergeyella	Bergeyella zoohelcum
ref_mOTU_v2_2582	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Empedobacter	Empedobacter brevis
ref_mOTU_v2_5030	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Weeksella	Weeksella virosa
ref_mOTU_v2_3501	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Weeksella	Weeksella sp. FF8
ref_mOTU_v2_1137	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	Ornithobacterium	Ornithobacterium rhinotracheale
meta_mOTU_v2_6771	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia
meta_mOTU_v2_5420	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6982	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5592	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5535	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_3475	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Schleiferiaceae	Schleiferia	Schleiferia thermophila
ref_mOTU_v2_5162	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	Owenweeksia	Owenweeksia hongkongensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7106	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_5686	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6778	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6531	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6115	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_5400	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_6817	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_5678	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_6065	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5545	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6196	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_7297	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6928	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6306	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6599	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5367	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6931	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae	unknown Cryomorphaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5559	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6141	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5682	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6955	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6327	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7732	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia	unknown Flavobacteriia
meta_mOTU_v2_5680	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6738	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_5981	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7141	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5996	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6951	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7307	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5878	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_6720	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae	unknown Flavobacteriaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6774	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7367	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6504	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
ref_mOTU_v2_4924	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Fluviicola	Fluviicola taffensis
meta_mOTU_v2_5565	Bacteria	Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria	unknown Proteobacteria
ref_mOTU_v2_3304	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	Crocinitomicaceae	Crocinitomix	Crocinitomix catalasitica
meta_mOTU_v2_6142	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5451	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5488	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7796	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6232	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6211	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6539	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7174	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6485	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_7240	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7316	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7433	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6590	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6309	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_5361	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7147	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6125	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7663	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6914	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6698	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Flavobacteriia	Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales	unknown Flavobacteriales
meta_mOTU_v2_7469	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7670	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7037	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_6189	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7051	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
meta_mOTU_v2_7773	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_1896	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Odoribacteraceae	Butyricimonas	Butyricimonas synergistica
meta_mOTU_v2_5520	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5329	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7313	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5670	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Odoribacteraceae	Odoribacter	unknown Odoribacter
ref_mOTU_v2_4846	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Odoribacteraceae	Odoribacter	Odoribacter splanchnicus
meta_mOTU_v2_5567	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Odoribacteraceae	unknown Odoribacteraceae	unknown Odoribacteraceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4887	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Odoribacteraceae	Odoribacter	Odoribacter laneus
ref_mOTU_v2_0697	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Marinilabilia	Marinilabilia salmonicolor
ref_mOTU_v2_4120	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Thermophagus	Thermophagus xiamenensis
ref_mOTU_v2_5098	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Anaerophaga	Anaerophaga thermohalophila
ref_mOTU_v2_5169	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Alkaliflexus	Alkaliflexus imshenetskii
ref_mOTU_v2_1515	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Marinilabiliaceae	Saccharicrinis	Saccharicrinis fermentans
ref_mOTU_v2_0910	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prolixibacteraceae	Prolixibacter	Prolixibacter bellariivorans
ref_mOTU_v2_2379	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prolixibacteraceae	Draconibacterium	Draconibacterium orientale
meta_mOTU_v2_5555	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
ref_mOTU_v2_4448	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella copri
meta_mOTU_v2_7015	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6399	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6968	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6516	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6387	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
ref_mOTU_v2_0132	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella buccae [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6289	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_5833	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_5828	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6558	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
ref_mOTU_v2_1069	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotellaceae gen. [C Hallella/Prevotella]	Prevotellaceae sp. [C Hallella seregens/Prevotella dentalis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4576	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella bergensis
ref_mOTU_v2_2921	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. S7-1-8
meta_mOTU_v2_6453	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_7616	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6514	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_5605	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
ref_mOTU_v2_4799	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella multisaccharivorax
meta_mOTU_v2_5992	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6697	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6978	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. CAG:924
ref_mOTU_v2_2882	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. AGR2160
ref_mOTU_v2_0511	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella albensis
ref_mOTU_v2_0982	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella bryantii
meta_mOTU_v2_5668	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
ref_mOTU_v2_0907	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella histicola
ref_mOTU_v2_0523	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella veroralis
ref_mOTU_v2_1751	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. oral taxon 306
ref_mOTU_v2_0686	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella melaninogenica [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4514	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. C561
ref_mOTU_v2_2728	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella scopos
ref_mOTU_v2_2622	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. F0091
ref_mOTU_v2_2727	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella fusca
ref_mOTU_v2_5115	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella multiformis
ref_mOTU_v2_0514	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella denticola
ref_mOTU_v2_0512	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella amnii
ref_mOTU_v2_0999	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella bivia
ref_mOTU_v2_0904	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella disiens
ref_mOTU_v2_5292	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella pallens
ref_mOTU_v2_0276	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella nigrescens
ref_mOTU_v2_2723	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella aurantiaca
ref_mOTU_v2_2103	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella falsenii
ref_mOTU_v2_0515	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella intermedia
ref_mOTU_v2_3219	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. HUN102
ref_mOTU_v2_0513	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella corporis
ref_mOTU_v2_2724	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella dentasini
ref_mOTU_v2_0518	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella micans
ref_mOTU_v2_0411	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella baroniae
ref_mOTU_v2_0906	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella oulorum
ref_mOTU_v2_1128	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella salivae
ref_mOTU_v2_0520	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella oris
ref_mOTU_v2_0517	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella maculosa
ref_mOTU_v2_0521	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella paludivivens
meta_mOTU_v2_7196	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_5903	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. CAG:1092
ref_mOTU_v2_0311	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella pleuritidis
ref_mOTU_v2_2715	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella enoeca
ref_mOTU_v2_4554	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. oral taxon 317
ref_mOTU_v2_0516	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella loescheii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2104	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella shahii
meta_mOTU_v2_6662	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
ref_mOTU_v2_0560	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella saccharolytica
ref_mOTU_v2_1513	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella marshii
ref_mOTU_v2_0519	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella nanceiensis [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_5461	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
ref_mOTU_v2_0277	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella oralis
ref_mOTU_v2_2935	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. S7 MS 2
ref_mOTU_v2_4771	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella buccalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0394	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella buccalis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0522	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella timonensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7400	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_5780	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6766	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_7032	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
ref_mOTU_v2_1551	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella stercorea
meta_mOTU_v2_5502	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_7342	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_7547	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6911	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6861	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6456	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_7203	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_5418	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_7016	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6663	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_5886	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_5378	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_5795	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6029	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_7598	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6609	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6444	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6415	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6294	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_5749	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
meta_mOTU_v2_6430	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	unknown Prevotella
ref_mOTU_v2_3288	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. MA2016
ref_mOTU_v2_0760	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella ruminicola [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1154	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. [C P6B1/P6B4]
ref_mOTU_v2_1152	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella brevis
meta_mOTU_v2_7407	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. 43_108
meta_mOTU_v2_7412	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_4942	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Paraprevotella	Paraprevotella clara
ref_mOTU_v2_4943	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Paraprevotella	Paraprevotella xylaniphila
meta_mOTU_v2_5637	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_1153	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. Ga6A2
meta_mOTU_v2_6502	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6688	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6162	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6903	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_4636	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Alloprevotella	Alloprevotella tannerae
ref_mOTU_v2_4774	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Alloprevotella	Alloprevotella rava
meta_mOTU_v2_6605	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7594	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5966	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6779	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6924	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_1616	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Alloprevotella	Prevotella sp. oral taxon 473
meta_mOTU_v2_7655	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7621	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5711	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. CAG:891
meta_mOTU_v2_7319	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_5568	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6620	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae	unknown Prevotellaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_6217	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6833	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. CAG:617
meta_mOTU_v2_5840	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_0778	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales fam. incertae sedis	Phocaeicola	Phocaeicola abscessus
meta_mOTU_v2_5709	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. CAG:462
meta_mOTU_v2_6086	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7397	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5314	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5584	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_4343	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides plebeius
ref_mOTU_v2_4472	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides coprophilus
ref_mOTU_v2_0452	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides barnesiae
meta_mOTU_v2_5493	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6974	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6670	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6995	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_4312	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides coprocola
meta_mOTU_v2_6603	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6369	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6820	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_4746	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides salanitronis
meta_mOTU_v2_6370	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6528	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_0900	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. [C massiliensis/sartorii]
ref_mOTU_v2_0898	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. [C dorei/vulgatus]
ref_mOTU_v2_0455	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides massiliensis
meta_mOTU_v2_7353	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6059	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_2718	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides paurosaccharolyticus
ref_mOTU_v2_1409	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides finegoldii
ref_mOTU_v2_1382	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides caccae
ref_mOTU_v2_1073	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. [C fragilis/ovatus]
ref_mOTU_v2_1072	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides xylanisolvens [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_7587	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2714	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides acidifaciens
meta_mOTU_v2_6764	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1706	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides faecis
ref_mOTU_v2_0897	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_2725	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides faecichinchillae
ref_mOTU_v2_3433	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides reticulotermitis
ref_mOTU_v2_0457	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides pyogenes
meta_mOTU_v2_5376	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6324	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7748	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7579	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7189	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6860	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7534	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4818	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides helcogenes
ref_mOTU_v2_0453	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides gallinarum
ref_mOTU_v2_0275	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides stercoris
ref_mOTU_v2_4945	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides clarus
meta_mOTU_v2_7210	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_1410	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides eggerthii
meta_mOTU_v2_7591	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_4946	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides fluxus
meta_mOTU_v2_5349	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_0899	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. [C rodentium/uniformis]
meta_mOTU_v2_5989	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_0692	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. [C cellulosilyticus/timonensis]
ref_mOTU_v2_4321	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides intestinalis
ref_mOTU_v2_2726	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides stercorirosoris
ref_mOTU_v2_4881	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides oleiciplenus
ref_mOTU_v2_0302	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides nordii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0458	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides salyersiae
meta_mOTU_v2_5445	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae	unknown Bacteroidaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_0286	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides fragilis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0287	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides fragilis [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3114	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroidaceae gen. incertae sedis	Bacteroidaceae bacterium MS4
ref_mOTU_v2_0454	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides graminisolvens
ref_mOTU_v2_0456	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides propionicifaciens
ref_mOTU_v2_4780	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides coprosuis
meta_mOTU_v2_7132	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5951	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_1378	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Parabacteroides	Parabacteroides merdae
ref_mOTU_v2_5296	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Parabacteroides	Parabacteroides johnsonii
meta_mOTU_v2_6878	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5875	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_0901	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Parabacteroides	Parabacteroides goldsteinii [C]
meta_mOTU_v2_6326	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_2090	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Parabacteroides	Parabacteroides gordonii
ref_mOTU_v2_1074	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales fam. [C Bacteroidaceae/Porphyromonadaceae]	Bacteroidales gen. [C Bacteroides/Porphyromonas/Parabacteroides]	Bacteroidales gen. [C Bacteroides sp./Porphyromonas sp./Parabacteroides distasonis]
meta_mOTU_v2_5889	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6071	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Parabacteroides	unknown Parabacteroides
meta_mOTU_v2_6375	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6949	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_3757	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Tannerella	Tannerella forsythia
meta_mOTU_v2_6291	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Tannerellaceae	Tannerella	Tannerella sp. oral taxon HOT-286
meta_mOTU_v2_7381	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	unknown Bacteroides
meta_mOTU_v2_5440	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. CAG:927
meta_mOTU_v2_6586	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7177	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7011	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6435	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7101	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. CAG:1031
meta_mOTU_v2_6999	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6045	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7416	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7199	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5994	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7473	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5655	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6591	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5409	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7394	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7779	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6017	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales bacterium 52_46
meta_mOTU_v2_5731	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6601	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7050	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. CAG:873
meta_mOTU_v2_5942	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5852	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7318	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7515	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5757	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. CAG:485
meta_mOTU_v2_7045	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. CAG:485
meta_mOTU_v2_7089	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5405	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. CAG:279
meta_mOTU_v2_5635	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6938	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. CAG:279
meta_mOTU_v2_5773	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5953	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_4880	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Barnesiella	Barnesiella intestinihominis
ref_mOTU_v2_5073	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Barnesiella	Barnesiella viscericola
meta_mOTU_v2_7110	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7170	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7392	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7324	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	Bacteroides sp. CAG:144
meta_mOTU_v2_6194	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_1091	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonadaceae gen. [C Coprobacter/Tannerella]	Porphyromonadaceae sp. [C Coprobacter fastidiosus/Tannerella sp.]
meta_mOTU_v2_5375	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
ref_mOTU_v2_4384	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales fam. incertae sedis	candidatus Azobacteroides	candidatus Azobacteroides pseudotrichonymphae
ref_mOTU_v2_2348	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Prevotellaceae	Prevotella	Prevotella sp. 10(H)
ref_mOTU_v2_4886	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Dysgonomonas	Dysgonomonas gadei
ref_mOTU_v2_1497	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Dysgonomonas	Dysgonomonas mossii
ref_mOTU_v2_4819	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Paludibacter	Paludibacter propionicigenes
ref_mOTU_v2_2108	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Proteiniphilum	Proteiniphilum acetatigenes
ref_mOTU_v2_4482	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas endodontalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0909	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas gingivicanis
ref_mOTU_v2_1517	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas asaccharolytica
meta_mOTU_v2_5431	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	unknown Porphyromonas
meta_mOTU_v2_7656	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	unknown Porphyromonas
meta_mOTU_v2_6490	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	unknown Porphyromonas
ref_mOTU_v2_2102	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas uenonis
ref_mOTU_v2_4616	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas uenonis
meta_mOTU_v2_7777	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	unknown Porphyromonas
ref_mOTU_v2_1028	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas crevioricanis
meta_mOTU_v2_5459	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	unknown Porphyromonadaceae	unknown Porphyromonadaceae
meta_mOTU_v2_7214	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	unknown Porphyromonadaceae	unknown Porphyromonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_0559	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas catoniae
meta_mOTU_v2_7477	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	unknown Porphyromonadaceae	unknown Porphyromonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_0550	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas sp. [C KLE 1280/oral taxon 279]
meta_mOTU_v2_7601	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	unknown Porphyromonadaceae	unknown Porphyromonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_2621	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas sp. oral taxon 278
meta_mOTU_v2_5625	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes	unknown Bacteroidetes
ref_mOTU_v2_1264	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas sp. [C COT-290 OH860/COT-290 OH3588]
ref_mOTU_v2_3618	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas sp. COT-239 OH1446
meta_mOTU_v2_5985	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	unknown Porphyromonadaceae	unknown Porphyromonadaceae
ref_mOTU_v2_0510	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas macacae
ref_mOTU_v2_0127	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas gulae [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_0126	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas gingivalis
ref_mOTU_v2_0908	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas cangingivalis
ref_mOTU_v2_2099	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas bennonis
ref_mOTU_v2_2100	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas levii
ref_mOTU_v2_2101	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas somerae
ref_mOTU_v2_1263	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonas	Porphyromonas canoris [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_3621	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Porphyromonadaceae	Porphyromonadaceae gen. incertae sedis	Porphyromonadaceae bacterium COT-184 OH4590
ref_mOTU_v2_4551	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidetes class incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes order incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes fam. incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes gen. incertae sedis	Bacteroidetes oral taxon 274
meta_mOTU_v2_6319	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	unknown Alistipes
meta_mOTU_v2_6252	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	unknown Alistipes
meta_mOTU_v2_5937	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	unknown Alistipes
ref_mOTU_v2_0775	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes onderdonkii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_1481	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes finegoldii [C]
ref_mOTU_v2_4873	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes shahii
ref_mOTU_v2_1593	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes timonensis
ref_mOTU_v2_1594	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes senegalensis
meta_mOTU_v2_5423	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	unknown Alistipes
meta_mOTU_v2_6070	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	unknown Alistipes
meta_mOTU_v2_6154	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes sp. An31A
meta_mOTU_v2_6305	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	unknown Alistipes
ref_mOTU_v2_4266	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes putredinis
ref_mOTU_v2_1825	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes obesi
meta_mOTU_v2_7270	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	unknown Alistipes
meta_mOTU_v2_6362	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	unknown Alistipes
ref_mOTU_v2_3597	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes inops
ref_mOTU_v2_2553	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	candidatus Alistipes marseilloanorexicus
meta_mOTU_v2_7233	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7154	Bacteria	Firmicutes	Clostridia	Clostridiales	Ruminococcaceae	Faecalibacterium	Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
ref_mOTU_v2_4879	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes indistinctus
meta_mOTU_v2_6079	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_7311	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	unknown Alistipes
ref_mOTU_v2_3403	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Mucinivorans	Mucinivorans hirudinis
ref_mOTU_v2_5074	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Rikenella	Rikenella microfusus
meta_mOTU_v2_5537	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	candidatus Bacteroides periocalifornicus
meta_mOTU_v2_6221	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	unknown Bacteroidia	unknown Bacteroidia	unknown Bacteroidia	unknown Bacteroidia
meta_mOTU_v2_5624	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	unknown Bacteroidia	unknown Bacteroidia	unknown Bacteroidia	unknown Bacteroidia
ref_mOTU_v2_3256	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidales fam. incertae sedis	Bacteroidales gen. incertae sedis	Bacteroidales bacterium CF
meta_mOTU_v2_6227	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes sp. CAG:831
meta_mOTU_v2_7041	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes sp. CAG:831
meta_mOTU_v2_6356	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Rikenellaceae	Alistipes	Alistipes sp. CAG:831
meta_mOTU_v2_5647	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6336	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7134	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_6270	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7432	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5435	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7456	Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria	unknown Bacteria
meta_mOTU_v2_5481	Bacteria	Chloroflexi	Dehalococcoidia	Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales	unknown Dehalococcoidales
meta_mOTU_v2_7762	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales	unknown Bacteroidales
meta_mOTU_v2_5618	Bacteria	Bacteroidetes	Bacteroidia	Bacteroidales	Bacteroidaceae	Bacteroides	unknown Bacteroides
